Swissotelchicago ?I could go on and on about the food here.
Their steak was cooked just the way I like it and I had a good dining experience every night.
Some of the waitresses talked too much ; but they were friendly and had stories about people from all over the country.
I really enjoyed that the restaurant was just down the steps from my room ; but this was pretty much all that interested me.
I did n't fly all the way to Chicago just for food.
Maybe I missed something ; but it seemed like everything else was off.
The concierge told me I could walk to the Grand Park in minutes ; but it took me almost half an hour.
I did see some really cool birds or seagulls on the way ; but I did n't know why he 'd say it was closer than it is ? And the walls were really thin.
I could hear giggling from the wall opposite of my bed all night long.
And for some reason ; there were n't any outlets near my bed ; so I had to leave my phone across the room near the sink outlet to charge it at night.
It made using an alarm the next day a little annoying ?I 'm not sure why my company recommended this place ; but maybe I just got a bad room ? For Top Class Treatment Choose Hotel Allegro.
In all of my years of buisness travel and vacationing ; I have never been more happy with the service at a hotel than I was at Hotel Allegro.
I searched many hotel websites looking for the perfect hotel to spend our honeymoon ; and Hotel Allegro seemed like the right choice.
Soon as I walked into to their elaborate lobby area ; it was like I was a big shot on Wallstreet ; the service was excellent and the best part ; they allow animals.
They treated my little dog Johnny like he was royalty.
They have everything you could ever need in a hotel ; from in room spa service to a workout center.
They even made sure that I had all of my drinks and amentites ready for the Monday night Bears game.
If I were to give have to rate it from a 1 - 10.
Id have to give it a 10 many times over.
I highly recommend Hotel Allegro in Chicago Illinois and I will be back again.
There is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel ; and a normal hotel.
The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other.
I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area ; and people are smoking their lungs out.
Even though this hotel is really glamourous ; has a nice bar ; a nice restaurant ; great music ; it is still not a good stay if you do n't like people smoking beside you.
I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service.
What I actually got was far less than that.
When I first arrived to check in ; the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored.
It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system ! And I wo n't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set ! When I finally got to my room ; the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale.
The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room ; without any fresh air ; for years.
I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak ; as well ; and every time you flushed the toilet ; water would trickle out from the base onto the floor.
Talk about concerning.
I reported this to the desk ; and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it.
No one showed up until the next day ; and very early in the morning ; I might add.
Later ; I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine.
It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room ! And it was n't even chilled by the time it showed up ; either ; it was lukewarm.
Overall ; my experience here was not very pleasant ; and I do n't recommend booking with this hotel.
Although the InterContinental Chicago Hotel is located on " The Magnificent Mile ; " our entire experience as guests there was anything but .... believe me ; the " magnificence " ends at the hotel entrance ! From check-in to check-out ; our impressions ranged from lackluster to horrific.
First ; there was an error with our reservation ; and once we got to our room ; we found that neither our phone nor our internet connection worked ; so down I trudged to the registration desk -- where I had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes -- to ask for help.
The first night we spent was nearly totally sleepless due to TV noise coming from the next room ; we were n't sure whether it was due to excessively inconsiderate neighbors or thin walls.
Then ; dog tired the next morning -- even though we had hung a " Do Not Disturb " sign on our door handle -- in barged the maid all bright-eyed and bushy tailed with scrubber in hand.
Following that rude awakening ; I was jarred again by a blood-curdling shriek from my wife ; who ; upon entering the bathroom to take her shower ; was greeted by an incredibly large roach ! Breakfast -- actually all meals of which we partook at the hotel -- were served cold and were somewhat tasteless.
We were routinely ignored by the concierge ; who always seems to be on a personal call whenever we needed him.
Trying to leave the hotel was equally as difficult as checking in.
Of course ; there was a gross error in our bill which caused us to be delayed in our effort to depart.
Getting out of the InterContinental Chicago was ; believe me ; the best part of our experience as guests there.
Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience.
As soon as I approached the front desk ; I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous.
They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry ; the Broadcast Museum ; the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower.
I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed ; a 27 inch television ; non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities.
The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track.
Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O 'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare.
In conclusion ; I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago.
We were amazed by this hotel.
The first great part is the location.
Its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer.
The view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over Chicago.
They even had a florist ; as I bought my wife a rose.
The menus ; the lobby ; everything was fantastic.
The room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day.
I did n't use the fitness center but it looked very nice ; I did however visit the bar .... and when i return to Chicago ; I will again.
I was disappointed in my stay at The James.
I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs.
Each time I sat down for a meal ; I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter.
Most times ; I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included.
My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations ; I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine.
I was assured that this was no problem.
However ; when we arrived at the hotel ; we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed.
We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned.
Overall ; it was not an entirely horrific stay ; but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber.
Next time I visit Chicago ; I will be staying at another hotel.
Hilton Chicago - I would say Hilton Chicago is one of the best hotel I 've ever stayed.
When I first entered the hotel ; I was amazed by the luxurious decoration of the lobby and the welcoming staff to help me check in.
The receptionist was so thoughtful to put me in a room on the 10th floor so that I could enjoy the splendid view of Michigan Lake.
When I walked into the room ; I was really impressed by the size and layout of the room.
I spent the evening watching sports while enjoying the sunset over the lake.
How can you beat that ! The location of the hotel was also perfect since it has lots of nice restaurants and bars within walking distance and it 's so nice to take a walk around the area after the dinner.
In all ; I loved Hilton Chicago and would recommend anyone who plan to spend a great night at Chicago ! I recently had the displeasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago.
Although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites ; my experience was anything but pleasent.
First of all ; they tell you that check in time is at 3pm.
Well I arrived at the hotel at 3 : 30pm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready.
After waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready ; I decided to go settle in.
The carpets in the room smelled old and musty.
Additionally ; the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips ; scratches ; and dents in the furniture.
Although the bed was comfortable ; I just could n't get over the musty smell coming from the carpet.
It was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and I did not have a very good nights sleep.
All in all ; my experience was not the worst I 've ever had ; but far from anything worth writing home about.
Hotel is located 1 '2 mile from the train station which is quite hike when you 're traveling with luggage and 'or kids.
They seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking 'valet fees.
Rooms feature either double or king sized beds ; no queen beds at all.
If you want a little extra leg room in your bed ; the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff.
Rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge ; too.
I was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the Sheraton ; but a recent stay at their downtown location in Chicago was somewhat of a disappointment.
It started with check in ; I had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed ; but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms ' OK ; rather rudely ! that because of some banker 's convention that was going on ; I should be happy with the double-bed room that was left.
It was all I could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience ! The room itself was OK ; nothing special though.
The cleaning staff must 've just been through ; because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air.
The internet jack was n't working.
It took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it ; no apologies given.
For the price ; I really expected more in the way of customer service from Sheraton.
I guess they 're really no better than anyone else these days ! Sheraton Chicago - Do not let all the decor in lobby fool you ; the rooms at the Sheraton do not match up.
I stayed here for two nights ; and I had to ask for two room changes : the first room had a faulty shower ; and the second seemed to be in the process of cleaning when I entered.
I also was not a big fan of the unnecessary extra furniture in the room : the uncomfortable chair was arranged so that one can barely see the television while being blasted in the face by the air conditioning.
On top of that ; the $ 199 a night rate does not include free internet ; something that I feel should be commonplace nowadays.
The restaurants downstairs were alright ; but one can definitely get better for the same or even lower price outside ; especially in downtown Chicago.
While the Sheraton may have a pretty good reputation across the country ; the Sheraton Chicago does not meet those expectations ; and I would recommend staying elsewhere.
THIS HOTEL IS FANTASTIC.
I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona ; and could not believe the great quality of the hotel.
I 'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite.
Really polite staff ; great housekeeping ; and amazing prices.
On my way out ; I was telling the manager about how much I 'd loved the hotel ; and he even offered me an extra night there ! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours.
talbotthotel - Stayed at the Talbott during my last trip to Chicago ; thought I 'd try it after not loving the Whitehall down the street.
Unfortunately ; I did n't like the Talbott much better.
The rooms seemed a little dark for my taste ; and the bathrooms were a tad small.
While the hotel is close to some of the main areas of Chicago ; this resulted in a lot of traffic noise for the room ' nothing like late-night honking during an in-room movie.
The hotel amenities were of reasonable quality but frankly just not worth the price.
Hello ; I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago ; and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival.
When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees.
When I arrive I 'm told fee to valet park is $ 49 per day ; plus another $ 10 for internet.
This is just plain ridiculous ; and will remember not to stay here in future.
There 's too many other fine hotels that do n't charge these fees.
Omni Hotel Chicago - I stayed in the Omni hotel when I had been to Chicago on a business trip.
I had checked in online and was pleased to know that the keys were waiting for me at the front desk.
The room was spacious with nice comfortable bed ; with a large bathroom and a hot shower.
The view from the room was not that great and even though I could hear a little noise from outside ; it did not disturb my sleep.
Room service staff were friendly and extremely helpful.
The Wi-Fi bandwidth was good and helped me access my work computer without any hassles and disconnections.
The hotel was close to where I worked and also to Magnificent Mile and several other shopping attractions and theatres.
Swissotel Chicago - I booked a classic king room for my interview in Chicago.
The room is pretty large for its price.
The modern stype decoration gave me a great mood for my interview.
Great hotel with beautiful scenery ! The staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious.
They even had a docking station for my iPod ! We stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker last week and it was really wonderful.
First off ; the staff is excellent.
All of our needs were addressed quickly and with a smile.
The hotel really was the perfect launching pad for us to take in everything that Chicago has to offer.
All of the shopping of Michigan Avenue was just steps from our room.
We decided to go for the Shedd Aquarium package.
We started the day with a really wonderful breakfast at the hotel and then thoroughly enjoyed our " all access pass " to the aquarium ' very cool !.
After our long days of sightseeing ' and a quick stop at the wonderful martini bar ; it was so nice to come back to the room which was elegant ; but a very comfortable sanctuary from the busy city.
To top it all off ; they have the most incredible shower that I 've ever used ' and ; even better ; it 's all " green " .
What more can I say ? The Millennium Knickerbocker was a huge part of what made our vacation so wonderful and memorable.
I highly recommend it ! Amalfi Hotel Chicago is just minutes from Navy Pier ; Michigan Avenue ; the Chicago Opera Theater ; The House of Blues ; and the hottest night clubs.
At $ 200.00 per night ; you can expect the very best from your staff ; and your accomodations.
When I arrived for my weekend stay ; I was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art ; and eclectic style.
After reaching my room ; I was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows.
I did n't choose to use the spa this trip ; but when I come back ; it will be the first item on my list ! The business office was great ; because I had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour.
Breakfast was delicious.
I have already told a friend from Naperville that the next time I 'm in town ; she 'll have to stay at Amalfi with me ; instead of commuting.
She really missed out ! - Atlanta Girl- My wife and me stayed in the Amalfi Hotel Chicago last August in a weekend visit to Chicago.
The hotel is located in the 20 W Kinzie St ; in the well-known River North District.
We got what the hotel promised : gentle staff ; a luxury room with a breathtaking view ; magnificent meals and a select wine.
I also used its well-equipped gymnasium.
We paid $ 586 with taxes for two nights.
I think it was a good price ; taking in account the excellent conditions we got there.
I would recommend the Amalfi Hotel to anybody with good taste that visits Chicago.
The Swissotel Chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist 's paradise ; a hotel so grand and luxurious that you 'd rather stay than return home at the end of your trip.
But is it really as magnificent as suggested ? True ; you can get a massage ; the rooms have flat screen T.V.s and iPod docks ; heck ; there 's even a gym.
But the truth is ; you 're really paying much more for a few things you do n't really need.
The Swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur ; when really ; all you 're getting is a Holiday Inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mp3 player.
Overpriced dining options are available at the Palm Restaurant.
They claim to serve excellent lobster ; yet what I ordered was the size of a craw fish ; and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth.
This hotel hides behind a velvet curtain ; hoping their facade wo n't be revealed.
On my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel ; i was very disappointed.
I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area.
From the look of the website ; my expectations were above average.
I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale.
Upon my arrival ; i checked in.
I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room.
As i was settling into the room ; I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness.
I noticed spiderwebs in corners ; and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom.
Also ; it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room ; however ; it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement.
I ; as a guest should not have had to call down ; these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in.
I found the restaurants on site to be crowded ; loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal.
I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items.
Overall ; my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area ; I will chose another hotel for my stay.
My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary.
The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city.
The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly.
The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater ; visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake.
All of these were very close to our hotel.
The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations.
We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge.
Highly recommend.
Intercontinental Chicago - This place is OK ; just OK ! I have stayed at Intercontinental Chicago more than once but after my recent visit last month ; I think it has lost its 4 and a half star quality.
The rooms are spacious but they looked outdated.
The wallpaper was old and the bathroom was particularly below standards.
The internet was poor especially at my floor and there was no use of complaining ! Its location is still convenient but the charm is gone.
I will try out other options for my next trip.
This was a great hotel ; one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time.
My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we could n't believe the KimptonKids program at the site.
We will be back next time we stop in town.
We can not think of a better place to stay.
This hotel is great ! I love its interior design of the room.
Customer service is excellent ! And its gym and spa are gorgeous.
If you need to go to Chicago ; this hotel would be your best choice ! You can also check its website for the special offer ; I found a great deal on it ! This hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost 2 hours to get there.
By that time ; I was so tired I was just ready to check in to my room.
I stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk.
That was only the beginning.
It was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around.
I guess it 's because they 're located in the middle of the downtown area ; but they could at least make the walls thicker.
I do n't want to hear everything going on in my neighbor 's room.
The bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it.
The toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street.
The restaurant food was horrible and I would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger.
Overall ; I was very disappointed with my stay at the Conrad Chicago.
While the hotel certainly seems to look beautiful ; the hotel is actually far from it.
Even booking a room online was rather difficult ; and i was n't able to reach a representative upon calling any of the contact numbers.
In general coming here is a bad decision despite how it looks ; its a mistake i wont make again and you should n't either.
I stayed at the Knickerbocker Hotel the last time I visited Chicago.
I lived in Illinois during college ; and as I was on a college budget ; most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown.
For my visit back ; I decided I would treat myself to a nicer stay than I was used to ; so I booked a room at the Knickerbocker.
Everything looked nice when I got there ; but for the price I paid ; I was really expecting something far above and beyond what I got.
Maybe I was n't dressed right ; or did n't carry the right luggage ; but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when I checked in.
Should n't a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome ? When I stayed at the cheap hotels in college ; the front desk employees were always friendly when I checked in and out ; and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city.
Here ; I did n't even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because I did n't want to deal with the eye rolling and " too important to be bothered " attitude I got when I checked in.
I guess the location was more convenient than the hotels I used to visit ; but I really thought that part of the money I was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience.
Look ; obviously I can afford to stay at your hotel ; I already booked and paid for the room.
Even if customer service is n't your number one goal ; making money should be pretty high up on the list ; and making a paying customer feel unwelcome is n't a very good way to secure return business.
I doubt I 'll stay here again.
I recently stayed at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown ; and found it lacking in the quality of their service.
The rooms are nice and well furnished ; but the service lacks in some areas.
Some of the complimentary services include fast-speed wireless internet access ; cardio-fitness and indoor pool ; grocery shopping service and coffee ; tea ; hot chocolate or cider all day long in the lobby 's 24 hour convenience shop.
However the wireless internet was spotty at best with really slow speed at times ; the indoor pool was far to cold in my opinion and the cardio equipment was left uncleaned.
The grocery shopping service was alright ; although a bit on the slow side and then finally the coffee and hot chocolate in the 24 hour convenience shop were both cold and overall of poor quality.
Rating this Hotel on a scale of 1 to 5 ; I would give it a 3 at best.
While the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside ; my experience went downhill once I walked in.
The lighting is very poor ; which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere.
The mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay.
I definitely would not stay here again.
Wow ! I have been to many hotels as a business man ; and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels.
But wow ; this hotel was great.
The staff was prompt ; the room was extremely clean ; and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine.
I was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things.
Usually I have to pay 5$ for a stupid toothbrush ; but not here ! I really enjoyed staying at InterContintental.
I was very worried about the Chicago area 's reputation of bad hotels ; but this turned out just great.
Next time my boss flies me out to Chicago ; I know where I am staying ! HiltonChicago - Incredibly overpriced.
The rooms were nice and the architecture of the building itself was really pretty ; and it 's really close to downtown ; but not worth shelling out the extra bucks.
Did n't even include breakfast -- you had to pay for an upgrade to get " complimentary " breakfast ' it did look good though ; lots of fresh fruit. '
Front desk people also seemed a little snooty.
The Amalfi Hotel advertises itself as a " luxury boutique hotel " and as such I expected my experience there to be somewhat better than average.
Unfortunately ; this was not the case.
The room I booked was not clean ; in particular the bathroom looked as if someone had done a very minimal amount of cleaning after the last guest.
There was hair in the corners of the room leading me to think the floor had not been swept or cleaned.
In addition ; although the room was supposed to be a non-smoking room ; I could still detect the odor of cigarette smoke.
I will say that the staff was courteous and the hotel is very well situated in terms of the many restaurants ; sites and shops all within walking distance.
However ; given the cost of the room and my experience with the cleanliness of the room ; I would not stay at the Amalfi Hotel again.
My family and I vacation in Chicago and stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
Upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received FREE bagpacks for their stay which they loved.
The staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel.
They even remembered our names ! The location of the hotel was amazing ; right on the Magnificent Mile.
We really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool.
I would definitely stay there again if I have the chance and would recommend it to anyone I know going to the Chicago area.
I work for a software marketing firm ; and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year.
I spend a large amount of time in hotels.
I normally do n't write reviews for hotels ; but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond.
Let 's start where it matters : the rooms.
They are top notch.
There 's nothing better than walking in to a clean ; beautiful rooms after a long day of travel.
The beds are among the best I 've ever slept in in hotels.
The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home.
The price : Low.
I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels ; and everything else was at least 10 % more expensive.
But you do n't get what you pay for here.
You get much more than that ! The location : Could n't be better.
You want to go to a world class restaurant ? That 's within walking distance.
You want a great shopping experience ? Again ; walking distance.
Anything else you want ? Chances are ; it 's within walking distance.
Overall ; one of the best hotels I 've ever stayed in.
I was very unsatisfied with my stay at the Allegro.
The front desk clerk seemed very put out when we walked up to her window.
After giving her our confirmation number she let us know that our rooms were not ready yet.
This came as a surprise to me since we arrived late in the day and check in had already began.
After waiting an hour to check in we were not able to get the room features that we had requested.
We were informed that they were " only requests " and not a guarantee.
Room service was also very slow and appeared to be understaffed.
When we finally got someone to answer the phone they were out of most everything we wanted.
The food took an eternity to reach the room and the order was n't exactly right either.
This is not the kind of service I expected from an upscale hotel.
I recently had a horrible stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago.
When I first arrived I was impressed with the architecture and location ; but things went downhill in a hurry.
The front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though I had reserved a room with two queen beds ; they told me that " only king bed rooms were available at the time " ; and there was nothing they could do about it.
The room itself was a nightmare.
It smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement.
There was also a huge problem with my television ; in that it would automatically turn itself off every 15 minutes or so.
I complained about these problems ; but very little was done.
The hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets ; but the quality was only marginally improved.
Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago.
From the pictures I had seen online I had expected a wonderful hotel ; but what I actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel.
DO NOT STAY HERE ! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James.
We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations.
What a mistake.
Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website.
The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled.
There was also a musty odor to the room.
When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude.
We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay.
Upon first inspection ; Sofitel Chicago Water Tower looks like an excellent place to spend a few days in the heart of downtown Chicago ; but appearances can certainly be deceiving.
Best summed up ; Sofitel is nothing more than a fancy Holiday Inn.
It certainly shows that this hotel is part of a chain ; even if it is an international one.
The customer service is poor unless you look like you have $ 50 to tip someone.
The furniture throughout the establishment looks and feels like it cane from Ikea.
The rooms are dirty when you first walk in ; the air feels stale ; and the views are certainly all they 're cracked up to be.
None of this is worth a " luxury " price or even worthy of a " luxury " name.
I will certainly not be staying here again.
The James Hotel in Chicago was a huge let down.
I was expecting a truly spectacular experience.
On the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel.
Well ; my family 's bad experience started right when we walked in the door.
It turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else ; and the man at the front desk was extremely rude.
We had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us.
The room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they were n't already in the room.
The one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym.
All in all ; I feel that we paid way too much for what we got.
Next time I will look to stay somewhere else.
I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel and I could not be more pleased.
The hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern ; stylish rooms.
The rooms are something truly special with huge ; soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt.
The bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower 'tub.
If that was n't enough each room has a crisp 32 " LCD TV that displays TV in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system.
When you finally make it out of your room ; down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant.
It is called Cafe des Architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic French techniques.
Their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the Magnificent mile.
A full dinner including appetizer ; main course ; and dessert can be had for $ 45 ; amazing.
If you are looking for a modern ; urban ; chic hotel in Chicago then look no further ; the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel is your only real choice.
The Omni Chicago is hands down ; the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area.
I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy.
Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly.
I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully ; one of the many perks at this hotel ; they provide one for you in your room ! That 's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer ! I have never had a massage like that before ! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests.
I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done.
I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room.
A big plasma with a beautiful ; crisp picture ! I do n't even have that at home ! Needless to say ; I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning ! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago.
That 's a promise.
My fiancee and I were looking for a modern ; upscale venue for our wedding reception.
We have found the perfect location at The James.
From the ballroom to the personal attention to detail ; each step was handled with care.
Now that we have locked in our date ; we are more excited than ever.
Thank you staff at The James for making our day even more special ! Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park - My husband and I just returned from Chicago and had a nice trip ; but this was not because of the Fairmont Hotel we stayed at.
When we tried to check-in our reservation was not in their system ; and once they finally found us a room it looked out on to an alley.
This is definitely not the type of experience I normally associate with an expensive hotel like the Fairmont.
I will definitely be staying at a different hotel next time I go to Chicago.
Do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business ? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you.
Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight.
Followed by spacious rooms ; luxurious linens ; and all-natural Kiehl 's body shampoos and lotions.
I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago.
The bathrooms have raised sinks ; and all of the luxurious amenities you would want.
I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch.
I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere.
I definitely would stay again ; and plan to stay at the James in New York as well Having recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics ; I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I could n't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay.
Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42 " plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury.
My room was not only comfortable and clean ; but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home.
If you 're in the Chicago area ; reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed.
I recently traveled up to Chicago for business and had a terrific 3 day 2 night stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in downtown.
The location was perfect as it gave me easy access to Michigan Avenue and the conference center where I was doing business.
My hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere.
I ordered room service for dinner and it came within 30 minutes so I was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs.
The food was extremely good and I really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat.
I had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress.
I woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel.
They had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well.
After shower I headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests.
The breakfast was delicious and started my day out right.
After my business stuff was over I really got out and enjoyed Chicago.
I met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well.
When I go back to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sofitel again.
The Affinia Chicago is a wonderful place to stay ; my husband and I stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time.
The rooms were very well organized and comfortable ; the staff there are very friendly ; and the food there is more then amazing.
we are defiantly going back next year.
sofitel-chicago-water-tower - Last week ; I went on a trip to Chicago and stayed at the hotel for two nights.
We chose here mainly because its location in downtown with easy access to public transports ' bus ; subway ; airport making it an ideal base for exploring Chicago.
Our room is not huge but has sufficient space and has nice and cozy decorations.
The bathroom is a lot larger than any of us would have imagined and is equipped with branded soap and shampoo.
The staffs are efficient and professional yet friendly.
The front desk greeted us with smile ; the conceirge is very knowledgable of the area and gave us some insightful advice to improve our plan.
This is very helpful if it is your first time here.
We did not have a chance to try the restaurant though which is a pity because we really like one of the restaurant 's interiors with cozy big red sofa and high ceiling in addition to the food.
Maybe we will try that the next time.
All in all ; we had a pleasant stay at this hotel and will come back next time.
Not one of my better experiences ; When I first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys.
I had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys.
It would n't have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair.
When I finally got to the room I found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed.
The room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded.
But the view from the window was amazing ; and it took away some of the bad for me.
Overall ; it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring ; maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light.
I did n't even get housekeeping my entire stay there.
I would n't recommend this hotel to anyone in the area ; hopefully it will make them get their act together.
We decided to stay at The James last weekend with our kids.
We reserved the " Family Adventurer with Paul Frank " .
It 's a special offer by the hotel to entice visitors to see the local museums and aquarium.
We ended up receiving 2 Chicago City Passes ; which ultimately paid for themselves and 4 tickets for the Chicago Children 's Museum.
My kids had a ball.
We ended the day with a milk and cookies turn down service and a special pair of pajamas that my daughter adored.
All in all ; a great weekend where my kids were the focus.
The adults certainly were n't forgotten since we had a great breakfast in the room the next morning.
I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago.
Although I visit this fun city quite often ; I was somewhat disappointed with the service and noise in a hotel that is called " luxury boutique " .
To begin with ; our " Experience Designer " was somewhat put-offish and cool.
She did not really have a grasp of all the wonderful things to do in Chicago.
Although she did look up some attractions ; it seems like she may have recently arrived from LA.
As far as the room ; it was indeed luxury and had nice lighting and decoration.
However ; the noise from the adjoining room was unbelievable and kept us up all night.
Most likely ; the walls are very thin ; and construction is not the greatest.
Who wants to hear the neighbors ; especially when they are honeymooners or whatever ! So we probably will not stay there again.
The location is great ; the cocktails fine ; the luxury is there ; but other than that ; it is the pits.
Weary Traveler ; San Francisco I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
My husband and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary.
We had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from California so they could have time with their grandchildren.
My husband and I had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to Iraq the week after we got married.
Everyone was so excited ! Mark and I had reservations for one of the junior suites.
We had n't gone to Chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered.
Unfortunately ; when we got to our room ; the view was disappointing.
We had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one ; but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there.
I am asthmatic and became very ill.
We asked to be moved to another room ; but were told there were no other rooms ' even downgrades available.
Nothing was done to try to make up for this.
Because of my health ; my husband and I checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend.
This is not how I had imagined spending such a special time.
Now ; when I think of my 10th anniversary ; I will always have this memory to tarnish it.
I stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town.
It was a little pricey ; but definitely worth it ! The staff was super friendly ; the pool was clean and well-maintained ; and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs ' I 'm a vegetarian.
Plus ; I paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous.
I would definitely recommend.
My husband and I loved this hotel.
The staff were friendly ; the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price ; and we got an extra ' free coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it.
Highly recommended ! Omni Chicago Hotel - Last monday my wife and I got back from a stay at the Omni in Chicago.
This is a decent hotel ; but I wo n't be choosing it again for our stays in Chicago ' usually visiting family.
The room has plenty of space ; easy furniture to relax in ; good layout ; and is generally well put together and comfortable.
The faults were more centered around service.
We had to wait for a half hour on arrival just to check in ; and ; while I understand they have other customers ; I just got off a plane and just want to relax.
That by itself I would n't have minded - but wait ; there 's more.
We ordered room service the next day ' day 2 of the 3 day onslaught ; not only did it take us a couple tries for the staff to get our order right ; but then it took a while too ! We were waiting like ..  an hour and a half ; and it was just for a pasta dish and a burger ; it 's not like we ordered a 3 course meal with a salmonentree and a creme brulee for dessert.
Not only did we have to wait ; the staff was n't apologetic when they did arrive ; and ; finally ; we were n't impressed with the food itself either.
To be fair ; it was O.K. but I had looked around online and we had really expected more.
The website seemed appealing ; and then I got live chat service on the website ; which I was really impressed with ; but I am disillusioned.
In fairness to the Omni ; it was quiet ; and a nice place for an adult couple.
There were n't many if any families ; and they were all well behaved ; so we did get to relax and unwind in peace.
Given the price and caliber of this hotel ; we just expected better people interactions.
The name " Hard Rock " might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here.
The website alludes to musicians and parties but if you 're looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the Hard Rock falls short.
The hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this.
The service is mediocre and the rooms are n't clean.
I stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in Chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun ; exciting romance.
I should have picked somewhere else.
Save your money.
While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park.
It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush.
The rates for rooms ; though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities.
The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine ! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee ; access to high speed internet ; bathrobes ; and 42 inch flat screen televisions.
Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park.
Problems started when I booked the InterContinental Chicago online at the hotel 's site ; and got a server error.
Somehow I managed to get my reservation ; and wish I had looked elsewhere on this great Chicago street ; filled with plenty of other options.
The server errors continued at check in and did n't let up.
I was on a holiday weekend ; but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers ; and I had trouble getting served.
The hotel is enormous and does n't give a sense of comfort.
The health facilities are also just too big ; so noisy and crowded.
And Internet access was $ 18 a day ; kind of surprising when I can go around the corner to a Starbucks ! Next time ; I 'll pick a more intimate place nearby -- without so many " server errors " .
The InterContinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure.
Nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown Chicago ; the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm.
From the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high Romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites ; the InterContinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler.
Book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of Chicago.
If you want the downtown experience of a lifetime ; with historical living that will bring you back to Chicago in the early 1900 's look no further ; the dining experience is as comfortable as the stay ; service is immaculate ; and just as you think things could n't get any better ; you are only a walk away from one of the most exciting cities in America : Chicago with fine dining and a late night rendezvous as exciting as the nightlife ; you are sure to have your excitement whims met ; and walk away with the memory of a lifetime.
Believe me I did.
Valued Customer ; Josh Omni Chicago Hotel - Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Omni ?great hotel.
Obviously ; as a 5 star hotel ; it 's nice.
I arrived at 4 : 00pm my first day and was all ready to go right when I showed up ' I had pre-booked and paid.
I was helped up to my room - er ?suite ' should and could only be described as a suite - number 535 ; with my bags ?it was nice to get the assistance right off the bat when I had been traveling.
The room was picture perfect ; in all honesty a little too perfect - felt like I had walked into a commercial ?kind of prevents you from feeling like you can make yourself at home ; do n't want to mess anything up.
I say too perfect as the like lighting and color choices for furnishings were like ; formal ?professional ; not entirely welcoming.
That said the furniture and bed was comfortable ; and the room offers anything you need ; so once you get passed the worrying keeping the room neat ; it 's comfortable enough.
Obviously you get what you pay for ?the price is steep but it 's well worth it.
I booked memorial day stay ; which gives you 20 % if you book 2 nights ; add in senior discount ' over 55 and AAA ; and saved me a bit keeping it at only 234 'night.
Biggest plus was the courteous helpful service ; as mentioned ; as well as other luxury you get at any good hotel like this one.
My company was hosting a seminar at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago ; IL.
Each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel.
My room had an incredible view of downtown Chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern.
My husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while I attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms.
On Saturday night ; my company held a ball in the Crystal Ballroom.
The food was excellent ; the hotel chefs were the best.
The servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner.
Our overall stay at Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel will be forever in my memory.
It was a fun filled weekend with great food ; clean rooms ; excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want ! We will definitely be staying here again ! homewood suites chicago - I paid $ 300 a night to stay at this dump ; and I 'll never do it again ! The room was small ; the bed was lumpy ; and the maid woke me up at 7am to clean the room.
It was n't all bad ; though ; since I was able to be the first to the breakfast buffet.
If they remodeled the interior and hired competent staff ; it would be an okay hotel ; but for now you can do better.
Hilton Chicago - Stayed at Hilton in March and I must say ; Hilton is not what it used to be ! I had a lot of expectations from this place looking at the prices and reputation.
The first look is great ; with all the classic ballrooms and lobbies.
Now comes the bad part ; the rooms are BIG ; just BIG ; not comfortable.
Also I noticed a stain on the sheets when I entered the room.
We have to pay for the Wi-fi here ! I mean seriously ? ? Almost all the hotels now-a-days provide free Wi-Fi in rooms.
I found it very inconvenient.
All in all ; go stay somewhere else ; it 's not worth the fortune you will have to pay ! My wife and I checked in to this hotel after a rough flight from Los Angeles.
We decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel while visiting our recently graduated son ; and we were not disappointed.
The location could not have been better ; as we were afforded easy access to Chicago 's culture and shopping by being just off Michigan Avenue.
After a long day of exploring the city ; we enjoyed a fantastic dinner on the terrace overlooking the city.
The halibut was cooked just right ; and our waiter made us feel very welcome with some friendly conversation.
Overall ; I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in Chicago ! Fairmont Chicago - The hotel is centrally located but lacks charisma even after renovation.
The breakfast at the hotel is unreasonably expensive but there 's a wonderful cafe just after a minute walk towards Millenium Park.
The sad part is that the hotel does n't have a swimming pool and had to go to neighbouring health club for that.
The design of bathroom is good but a double vanity would have been expected and rooms are ok.
The disappointment is truely in service where they brought another brand of wine to the room instead of the ordered one.
It they informed first about this ; atleast honesty of the staff would have been appreciated.
It seems that time arrived to look for the hotels with better experience and reasonable tariff.
While making the obligatory trip to the Chicago area to visit family ; we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago.
What a great decision ! The rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities.
And ; according the younger members of the family ; " very cool " ! We ca n't wait to come back.
The James Hotel in Chicago looks nice on the website ; but looks can be deceiving ! The employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting.
I would definitely advise against staying there.
HyattRegencyChicago-Overall We had booked five rooms for a conference in the area and I can honestly say we all felt a bit shafted after our stay.
The rooms themselves were comfortable enough ; standard hotel fare.
However ; the staff was cold and difficult to get ahold of at times.
Perhaps most importantly ; the wifi service was not offered for free.
For a hotel that caters to those on business ; this is completely unacceptable.
Hotel Allegro - I stayed at Hotel Allegro ; which is conveniently located in the heart of Chicago.
Being here for a business meeting ; I felt slightly indulgent and decided to book this hotel.
Despite my initial hesitation ; I must say that I do n't regret my decision at all ! The staff was amazing and very attentive to my needs ; the concierge asked about my busy schedule ; and every night thereafter I would find some wine delivered to my room ! Nothing felt more relaxing than having my own LCD TV ; using the in-hotel overnight dry cleaning services ; and being in the middle of the theatre district.
Having done a lot of acting in the past ; I very much enjoyed the Cadillac Palace Theatre ; located so close by ! Overall ; I could n't have asked for a more enjoyable 'relaxing experience ! I stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again ! The staff was rude ; the room was dirty ; and the decor is ugly and garish.
AVOID at all costs ! I traveled to Chicago recently with my giant German Shepard dog Rex and picked the Hard Rock Hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness.
The service truly is incredible.
They even had a web-cam so I could check in on Rex while I was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when I could not make it home from a meeting the day after.
The rooms really rock ' pardon the pun.
Nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets.
The easy chair looked so good that I was almost afraid Rex would snack on it while I was out ; but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better.
I would definitely recommend the Hard Rock Hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets.
I just came back from this awesome ; terrific hotel last week ; and I have to say -- I loved it ! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting ; and right when I stepped into the hotel ; I knew that this business vacation will be well spent.
The customer service was very great ; and an employee even guided us toward our room ! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds ; a flat screen TV ; and even free internet access.
My wife loved it ; and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap.
When I headed down to the lobby for my conference ; I got lost ; and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held.
He leaded me to the door ; and I was very impressed.
There is a fitness center which I went everyday ; and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby ; where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad.
All in all ; I thought that the trip was really worth it ; and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago.
I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there ; you will not regret it.
I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife.
We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I ca n't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was.
When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday ' check-in is 3pm ; our room was not ready.
We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room.
Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray.
Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room.
We decided to just go out for an early dinner.
After arriving back to our room around 9pm ; our key did n't work.
We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one.
The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7 : 30 in the morning ! Why would you try to clean the room that early ? ? ! The ' do not disturb sign was on our door for the rest of the stay.
After that early wakeup ; we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned.
The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked.
Eventually we did get a new room but I did n't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so.
Our new room was fairly nice ; and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful ; but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely wo n't stay there again.
Omni Chicago Hotel ?Stayed here for 2 nights on a business conference.
Wifi in my room was unreliable and basically unusable.
When I called the front desk about the problem ; they seem confused and were less than helpful.
Without wifi ; I had to rely on the slow 3G connection on my phone for responding to important business emails.
My room also suffered from quite a bit of street noise.
I recommend that all business travellers avoid this hotel.
My husband and I stayed at The Palmer House Hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary.
What a wonderful hotel ! We had such a great weekend ; largely thanks to The Palmer House.
Every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel ; at our fingertips.
And the location is perfect -- right in downtown Chicago.
We stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites.
It was exquisite -- so elegant and beautiful.
It was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in.
The service was impeccable.
Every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed.
We had our anniversary dinner at the Lockwood Restaurant in the hotel.
It was delicious ! We will definitely return to the Palmer House Hilton for our next special weekend getaway.
JAMES HOTEL ; CHICAGO - REVIEW Hotel is located in one of the best places in Chicago ; magnificent mile.
Though the hotel is located in a good location ; it is quite expensive.
The rooms are quite normal for the expense price which is $ 197-217 for night in guest rooms.
The only restaurant and bar is David burkes prime house and others bars are still in construction.
The restaurant allows pets like dog which make it bit uncomfortable and disturbing to other rooms due to barking ; movement of them in the hotel.
Overall the stay was quite ordinary.
InterContinental Chicago - This hotel is the worst of the 5 star hotels in Chicago I have ever been.
Last week ; my husband and I had to live there because other hotels are full those days.
The receptionist there was very rude and the doorman even asked us to get the luggage situated by ourself.
The room was pretty small that it has only enough space for a bed and the carpet was dirty.
Moreover ; one night when I was sleeping ; there was a fight next door.
I could n't fall to sleep due to the poor sound insulation.
In addition ; the faucet has been leaking all the day ; especially noisy at night and the air conditioning does n't work well ; my husband and I felt so hot in the night.
The room and the service is n't worth the money.
I would never stay there again.
My family stayed at the Hotel Monaco Hotel in Chicago from 2-5 September 2011.
I have no complaints about the rooms but I do have to complain about the staff in general.
When we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children ; take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way.
The cleaning crew the next morning did n't even knock at our door before opening the door.
My children were still sleeping and I was in the shower.
Thank god my husband was already at his conference.
The hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience.
Louisiana resident.
From the moment I stepped into the hotel I felt like I was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me.
Checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly.
I only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room ; which I loved since I had just had quite a long flight ; and made sure I had everything I needed before wishing me a happy stay in the Hyatt Regency Chicago.
After settling in and resting for a while I called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a 5 star restaurant.
Overall my experience was very positive and I would be glad to return to the Hyatt upon my next visit.
This hotel is one superior hotel.
The prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic.
My husband and I got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing.
Waking up to seeing Lake Michigan was a site not to miss.
The rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at Bloomingdales or in other places in Chicago ; and the customer service was top notch and very friendly.
I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first.
However when I arrived there was amazed at the location ! It is near so many shopping places ; museums ; theatre ; and many others places.
Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long ; however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay.
Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day ! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people.
One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel.
All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room ; good service ; and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby ; will be heading back to this hotel many times.
Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago - I 'm kind of torn on this one.
I really want to give this hotel a good rating.
The food and room service were great ; and the room definitely looked fantastic.
But I ca n't get over the fact that the beds just feel like one of those old spring mattresses ; you know ? Add that to the fact that the hotel 's proximity to the Magnificent Mile means that there 's lot of noise at night ; and I was tossing and turning for most of my nights here.
And considering how important a good night 's rest is ; this makes it really difficult for me to recommend this hotel.
Maybe someone who sleeps more soundly than me would find this place better.
We will not be back to this hotel.
There are several reasons for this ; but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight.
Our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it.
The room was OK ; but the beds were hard and uncomfortable.
The room next door had their TV turned up very loudly ; and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option.
They did n't offer any other solutions.
The food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests.
Overall ; we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in Chicago.
The Omni Hotels ; Chicago - My experience with the Omni has not been satisfactory.
The room service was late most of the times and the fact that the food was not amazing did not make the wait worth it.
The rooms were big and clean but the cleaning were not properly trained.
Once ; a cleanig lady barged into my room without knocking which was irritating.
The internet speed was also largely shaky bordering around low speed most of the times.
The only good part ; for me ; probably was the gym which was really equipped and beautiful.
On the whole ; I would not recommend this hotel for a short stay.
Having made regular business trips to Chicago ; I decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago ; since it was fairly new and I had a friend that had stayed there.
The Lobby was quite small ; which surprised me with a name like Monaco.
As a matter of fact I found the furnishings to be quite drab.A boy took my luggage and showed me to the suite.
It was two rooms ; not as spacious as I would have liked ; an entertainment room ; and a bedroom with a standard television.
Can You imagine ; I was expecting H.D. ; but it was just ordinary cable.
For $ 600 a night you would expect a 42 inch set.
The bath was ordinary ; nothing special ; but the bed was a very big King.The view did not take in the Lake ; unfortunately ; just the Magic Mile.
Well ; I am starving so time to eat.
The restaurant was well appointed ; I hope the food was as good.
I ordered lamb chops ; potatoes au gratin and mint sauce.
It was fair.
I hope the rest of my trip si better than my accomadations.
I would give this hotel a two and a half ; but I would not return.
Hard Rock Hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays.
What they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be.
The service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons ; service is more redily available and friendly the more you make.The rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings.
The laundry service leaves more to be desired.
The sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco.
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding.Your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for ? The Ambassador East is a particularly crappy property ; given the numerous quality hotels in and around the Gold Coast.
Unfortunately ; I saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for.
While the lobby was gorgeous ' and appears to match the photos on the website the room I was assigned was run down ; and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website.
It looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls ; but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty.
The room also smelled of must or mildew.
While the room did have air-conditioning as advertised ; it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg.
I was only here for a single night ; but had I been here for anywhere longer I would have requested a refund.
Please ; if you 're staying in this part of town ; do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here.
The Hampton Inn and Hilton Garden Inn are both nearby ; clean ; and often have special-offers -- these are n't the only properties in the area ; but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay.
Fairmont - I was n't expecting much from a guest room at a place like the Fairmont ; but I was surprised to see that even the modest amenities here are quite comfortable.
Like any room on the cheaper side of a hotel ; there are cheesy things like floral paintings and a bible in the drawer ; but this one somehow does it with a bit of class.
The tub being separate from the shower was kind of a nice touch and it has a great view of the Chicago skyline For 250 dollars ; cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago ; you would assume you would have access to wifi.
Yet ; that was not the case.
I was told I " could have had " internet if I had booked through the site ; which I didnt.
The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.
A hotel made for royalty.
Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of ; it is an amazing experience ! It 's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago ; and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience.
The customer service was fantastic ; as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own.
A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again ! My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids.
Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor ; the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff.
As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations.
This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts.
My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant ; but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try.
WOW ! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing.
We truly enjoyed our dining experience.
All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet.
Allegro Chicago - It was the best hotel I have stayed at in Chicago.
Me and my fiance stayed there for two nights and the stay was absolutely amazing.
The location is great as the hotel is right in the center of the city.
The rooms are luxurious ; with comfortable beds and exquisite bathrooms.
The ENTIRE staff at the hotel was service oriented.
Room service was great and the receptionist was very helful in getting the room ; helping in booking the cab etc.
The Liquid Lounge is top notch.
We both had a wonderful time there and would love to visit again.
Hilton Chicago - I wanted to like this hotel ...  it has several things going for it : an elegant modern style ; luxurious furnishings and amenities ; and large rooms with spectacular views - in fact ; almost all the rooms ' except the ones on the western face of the hotel overlook scenic sections of Grant Park and Lake Michigan.
But while it was nice to look at ; it was not exactly a pleasure to actually live there.
First ; they are either under-staffed or over-booked - the hotel was so crowded when I stayed there last June that noise and service became issues.
The lobbies were so full that I could n't ever find a place to sit down ; and they were a chore to wade through as I travelled to and from my room.
The staff was reasonably pleasant ; but they just could n't adequately serve all of their guests.
Check-in 'check-out took at least an hour ; and I think they managed to get around to cleaning my bed linens only once during my five-day stay.
I would have liked to take advantage of the exercise spaces they advertised ; but they happened to be closed for renovation.
The two main restaurants inside the hotel ; a grill and an Irish pub ; often had waiting times upwards of 45 min during peak hours.
To top it all off ; they were generally too noisy for me to carry on a conversation with the other people at the table.
The noise was an even bigger problem at night ; however - between standard city sounds like cars and sirens in the streets and the neighbors talking through the paper-thin walls ; I hardly slept.
Luckily there were a few good restaurants near the hotel that I was able to escape to for a bit of peace.
There 's at least three different pizza places about a block away ; but if you want something a little more upscale and still Italian ' my favorite ; I suggest you try Gioco as it 's only a bit more of a walk.
Overall ; my experience here was n't horrible ; but I ca n't quite justify the price of admission ; given the spotty service and my issues with the noise.
My room cost a steep $ 250 dollars per night ; which I now wish I had spent site-seeing around Chicago while staying somewhere cheaper instead.
If you 've got a car ; it 's even worse : parking costs $ 45.
For a short time during vacation I had rented a room from The Ambassador East Hotel ; I have to say I was quite impressed with what I experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location.
The hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed ; and trust me I am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot.
The food is good ; location is great ; everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here.
The Palmer House - 'Warning The Palmer House made a bad on me right away.
I was unable to get a shuttle from the airport to the hotel ; and when I called asking about the next one they said that it was not running for the day.
After my expensive cab ride to the hotel ; I was dissapointed to see that the room looked nothing like the website described.
It was small and crowded with unecessary furniture.
I did not sleep well on the bed ; although I am a picky sleeper.
I must admit that the atmosphere of the lobby and the common areas of the hotel were very nice ; and I really enjoyed using their gym facilities in the basement ; but that was not enough to make up for my lackluster experience with the customer service and my room.
The next time I travel to Chicago I will be trying a different hotel because the Palmer House did not live up to the expectations set by their price and the Hilton name.
When you enter the lobby at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered.
The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can.
The check in process is smooth and friendly as I expected.
When you enter your room the decor catches your eye.
Luxurious yet not stuffy is how I describe it.
The restroom tub is large and made of marble.
The whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home.
I highly recommend The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while.
Friendly staff ; clean building and rooms.
The hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing.
Staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city.
Rooms were beautifully designed and well lit ; spacious and comfortable.
' rtf1 'ansi 'ansicpg1252 'cocoartf1038 'cocoasubrtf360 ' fonttbl 'f0 'fswiss 'fcharset0 Helvetica ; ' colortbl ; 'red255 'green255 'blue255 ; ' margl1440 'margr1440 'vieww9000 'viewh8400 'viewkind0 ' pard 'tx720 'tx1440 'tx2160 'tx2880 'tx3600 'tx4320 'tx5040 'tx5760 'tx6480 'tx7200 'tx7920 'tx8640 'ql 'qnatural 'pardirnatural ' f0 'fs24 ' cf0 Homewood Suites- I 've stayed here a couple of times and it makes my trips to Chicago as simple as possible.
I always prepay online so I literally get my room key in a minute ; never any hassle.
Food is good ; buffet style breakfast and decent dinner.
Even better ; there a bunch of excellent restaurants within a few blocks.
My only complaint would be that your stay can definitely be effected by what side of the hotel your room is on.
Facing east ; there is a great view of the harbor ; but the westside overlooks a busy street that can be noisy long into the night.
The staff is very willing to accommodate any such concerns if you explicitly ask ; but otherwise it can be a bit of a crapshoot.
So it is definitely something to remember when booking.
But with that said ; I would recommend HS to anyone coming through the city.
Everything is quick ; easy ; and comfortable. My wife and I were guests at the Hotel Allego in Chicago for a long weekend getaway ' September 2 - 5 ; 2011.
We had checked out the hotel 's website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip.
Once we arrived ; the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy.
When I asked to be moved to another room ' my wife has asthma we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time.
The room was not particularly well-cleaned : we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor ; and a film of dust across the television set.
We are not the type to complain ; so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it.
At nighttime when we tried to sleep ; we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin ; every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly.
We were tossing and turning half the night.
In the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day ; but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated : a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack.
The concierge was almost never around in the lobby ' her sign always said " Be right back ! " and when we did ask her questions ; she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us.
The second night was without incident ; luckily ; except for the terrible bed ; but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our " Do Not Disturb " sign.
I would not recommend this hotel.
My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away.
We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city ; downtown Chicago.
The hotel itself was very elegant and modern.
The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod.
I would definitely stay with them again.
What a disappointment this hotel was.
First ; the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in.
When we finally got up to our room ; we opened the door and found someone else was already in it ! Yes ; the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else 's room.
We went back to the clerk who checked us in ' skipping the still present line ; which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting and told him the problem.
However ; he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us.
He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do.
This took a ' very long time.
It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back.
He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view.
The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these ; but when we got to this new room ; we found out why these rooms had n't been taken.
The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel.
We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel ; but it was late already so we just decided to make do.
That was ; of course ; until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down.
Then somewhere around 7 : 30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise.
So much for a good night 's sleep.
I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice ; but with all the noise from the loading dock ; who cares.
We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel.
Definitely not going back here ever again.
I was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel.
The overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance.
Given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level ; this was most disappointing.
Nor was I impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff.
The windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago 's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury.
With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking.
This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire.
with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best.
With it over looking the great Chicago area.
So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff.
The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was by far one of the best experiences I 've had.
It definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment.
I had forgotten my favorite CD that puts me to sleep each night.
When mentioning this in front of the Front desk clerk ; she told me that they have a huge collection of CD 's available for guests.
Low and behold ; they had my favorite CD ! Also ; my laptop was not cooperating.
Come to find out ; they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center ! From now on ; when visiting Chicago ; I will ONLY be staying at the Amalfi Hotel ! We just returned from a relaxing stay at the InterContinental in Chicago.
I have to say the service was phenomenal ! From the maid to the concierge and everyone in between ; the staff treated us like royalty.
It was quite the treat to feel so special.
Our room was gorgeous.
The view of the city was breathtaking.
The luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber.
We found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean.
My wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while I enjoyed the reliable Wi-Fi connection.
During our stay we dinned in the Zest.
Wow ! They offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options.
We had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious.
Afterwards ; my wife and I shared the chocolate lava cake ; can I just say oh that cake is to die for ! Really the best we ever had.
In the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool ; followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room.
Afterwards ; a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge.
Overall ; our stay at the InterContinental in Chicago was nothing short of fabulous.
This luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff.
We are looking forward to staying at the InterContinental again ; hopeful soon ! Wow ! Loved the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago ! It was so close to all the great sights of Chicago like Navy Pier ; Lake Michigan ; and all the fabulous dining.
The hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional ; but cozy manner.
The entire family loved it ; even the dog ... because they are also pet friendly at the Ambassador East Hotel ! We loved the restaurant there ; the Pump Room was great ; something to please even the pickiest of our eaters.
We were there on a family get-away ; but asked to see a larger " suite " .
The suites were gorgeous.
I ca n't wait to tell our friends about this place ! Our next business trip to Chicago ; we are booking at this hotel.
They have the perfect conference rooms and we LOVE the service ! We are definitely coming back ! I am so glad I decided to stay at the Intercontinental Chicago for my first trip to the city.
The staff is very attentive ; I felt like I was the only person they had to take care of ! The location is great ; right on the Magnificent Mile and so close to major attractions.
My suite was well appointed and very clean.
I even looked behind some furniture for dust and could n't find any.
The hotel is very luxurious.
The sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable.
The next time I travel to Chicago ; I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental again.
I have to say that the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago is a cool place to stay.
When I first got there ; getting checked in was very fast.
The lady at the counter was nice and well spoken.
The bellhop had out bags into the room very fast.
The room was very hip and cool.
There was musical items all over the place.
I really loved the Beatles art that was in my bathroom.
After being in the room a few minutes ; I got a call from the front desk asking me if I liked my room.
They also asked me if I would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if I needed to use their business room.
I needed some things shipped while I was there ; which they had supplies to help me with that.
After getting some work done ; I called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around.
They gave me information for 3 awesome places.
I left and came back after having a night out on the town.
They were very understanding that I was a wee bit out of it.
I had more than pizza that night if you get my drift.
When I got back to my room ; the bed was so comfortable.
I feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep.
In the morning I order breakfast ; which was really a Philly cheese steak.
They will make anything you want anytime of day.
I checked out by 9am with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed.
Thank You Hard Rock ; You Rock ! This hotel is the best hotel ever in my opinion ; and I really enjoy everything thing about it and I also have many different reasons why I like this hotel.
From the entrance to every details on the inside all the way up to the rooms ; everything seems to pocess some kind of style to it and not forgetting such a modern feel it has.
I completely am astonished by this building and if I had to pick one to compare with this one I really would go for this one.
It 's like a person would have to see it to believe.
It has a lot of modern designs.
Thank you and this is my review and it 's real.
Hard Rock Chicago - We stayed here ?in one of the Deluxe King Rooms - last May ; on the recommendations of some friends when visiting Chicago ; and we had a great time.
Rooms were stylish ; and very cool.
Different from most other hotels ; so if you like Rock music and that kind of lifestyle it might be for you.
Rooms were clean ; and staff was efficient.
Food was good.
Only real problem was that with such a steep price ; having such expensive parking and wi-fi seemed a little much.
Be sure to rent the Fender guitars ; if you have some musical talent.
That is free ; and for somebody like me who only has a cheap nothing guitar at home ; it honestly may have been the highlight of the trip.
Spent way too much time just fiddling around with the guitar in the room.
I arrived at the hotel 15 minutes prior to check in time as they recommend.
When I get there I noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in.
Ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase ; the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software.
She told us to wait until the computers booted back up.
I asked if I could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they could n't activate the cards.
Finally another 20 minutes later the computers were up and I finally got my room.
Wheres the " luxury " in waiting 35 minutes for a room ? They also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me " allegro. " 
Hilton Chicago - " Complimentary WiFi. " 
Yeah there 's internet ; if you can even call it that.
When it takes five minutes to load google ; I wonder how long it will take to access your emails ? I do n't know ; because I gave up trying.
Then I went to front desk and asked if there was any option of a paid faster internet and apparently there wasn 't.
I decided to cancel my stay then and there.
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago during a recent business trip.
I elected to go with their Executive Suite upgrade.
All I can say is ; " What upgrade ? " It 's barely anything above what you get normally.
And for the price I paid ; I was expecting much better acommodations.
Because I arrived around 10 : 30 the night I checked in ' delayed flight I did not get the concierge service as it stops at 10.
I find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you 're expecting a guest who has not checked in yet.
Beyond that ; it took them 20 minutes to get me into my room.
First it was a room mix-up ; then it was a missing key card.
That was extremely frustrating as I was tired and I had a presentation to give the next morning.
Speaking of the next morning ; the complimentary breakfast was a joke.
When I just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast ; I 'll stay at the next Super 8 I find.
And the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed.
I will not be staying at the Hilton Chicago every again even though I frequent Chicago.
This tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot.
' Amalfi Hotel Chicago-I recently stayed there for 2 but really HATE it ! It is very pricey with 150 dollars a night ; but only provides 50-dollar worth of quality.
The neighborhood is so noisy that I could hardly fall asleep at night.
Front desk never answered phone calls and they only cleaned my room when I requested them to do so.
Will never book the hotel again.
My friends and I were in Chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood.
Well we came across the Hotel Allegro and immediately fell in love ! Everything from the colors ; the staff ; the architecture ; and the pricing were AMAZING ! We could n't have found a better hotel.
The service was impeccable .. talk about a 5 star hotel for someone with a 2 star budget ! My friends and I plan on staying here next year when we return .. 
I ca n't wait until then ! The Talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay.
I was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated was in a good location.
Unfortunately ; it just did n't live up to the hype.
" Recently renovated " apparently means it was redone in the last decade ; not the last year.
It was just very tired-looking.
Also very disappointing was the food ; and the service was hit or miss.
I expected better from a hotel of this caliber.
Bottom line ; there are better places with better value.
Stay elsewhere.
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago ; IL ; and boy was I surprised.
The hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious.
In fact ; the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating.
As if this were not enough ; the bathroom of my room looked like it had n't been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the " fresh " towels.
Towards the end of my stay I saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls.
I recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed.
When I arrived ; the desk clerk was really slow checking me in.
I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster.
I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor.
The elevator ride seemed to take forever.
I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great ; but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table.
I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it.
I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever.
The meal was good ; but my waitress was very uptight.
On my way back to my room ; I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up.
It would have been nice to actually get it though.
The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7 : 18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call.
I was very upset and let them know.
Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given.
For the price ; quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given ; I would expect better service.
My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago.
We decided to book the " Personally Yours Romance Package " for our stay.
When we arrived at the hotel ; the staff was very friendly and approachable.
The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch.
Each night ; we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed.
The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game.
I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away.
A friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday.
The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming.
But ; We quickly found out that was not the case.
Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in.
The bathroom was filthy ; it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks ! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror.
There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room.
We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly ; unkempt room.
The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling " was not smoke " because that is not permitted in the hotel.
We were also told that room was cleaned that day.
After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager ; we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time.
WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us.
The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced.
Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there.
All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests.
I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel.
It was meticulously clean ; very orderly ; but still perfectly warm and comforting.
The rooms are very big and spacious ; and the beds are so soft ; it 's like heaven ! I did n't test out the room service ; but I 'm sure it would be just like everything else ...  perfect !The hotel staff are just so nice.
There was a spectacular view from my room ; and looking out over the city at night is so magical.
There are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel ; and I especially recommend Shula 's Steak House.
Overall ; I had a fantastic stay at The Sheraton Hotel ; and I would definitely stay there again ! Having traveled to Chicago on business once before ; I was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip.
After some research ; I decided that the Palmer House Hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay.
And ; in a way ; it was perfect -- perfectly awful.
After reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel 's website ; I was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary.
However ; my standard guest room ; which the hotel 's website describes as " deluxe ; " was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms I had stayed in at budget chain hotels ; not pricier historic hotels ; such as this one.
The carpeting looked dingy ; so I had to wear shoes or slippers any time I walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that I had from my window.
In addition ; the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long.
Everything cost extra ; including the gym ; the pool and the spa ; and the restaurant prices were outrageous.
This hotel is overpriced ; overrated and definitely subpar.
I would n't recommend it to my worst enemy.
My stay at the Hotel Monaco recently was fantastic.
We got a very reasonable price for our stay ' especially since we were a AAA member ; and there was plenty of perks to utilize ; in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few.
Another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that ; upon request ; the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room.
How cool is that ! The staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable.
I would definitely recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone in the downtown Chicago area.
My three night stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect way to end a weekend.
The hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes.
The staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile.
The mySpa was the getaway of a life time.
My only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time.
Well worth the money and I know my next stay will be much longer.
I was on a business trip to Chicago a while back and I had the unfortunate luck of staying at the InterContinental Chicago Hotel.
I say unfortunate ; because from the first moment I walked in my experience was poor.
The front desk made me wait a very long time and I had to resolve an issue with my reservation.
My receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that I supply a personal credit card for the room.
I understand their precautions but I travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation.
Once that was all taken care of ' several phone calls later I was taken up to my room.
It was nice and I was glad to finally be there ; but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip ; even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room.
I was very happy I only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk I got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me.
I will hopefully not be staying there again ; and will suggest that it be avoided by all.
Homewood Suites is a Hilton Group Hotel located in downtown Chicago.
Though close to many sights ; when we visited there was extensive construction going on along Michigan Avenue ; so every morning we were awakened right at 8 am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers.
We reserved the basic suite.
Though we arrived at 5 pm ; well past check-in time ; our room was not ready for 30 minutes.
The management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience.
Once the suite was ready ; it was nice.
But then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom.
We were relocated to another room with apologies ; but again ; no offer of compensation for the trouble.
Once we were finally settled ; the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer.
The food was okay ; but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point.
The staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service.
We though it was a good idea since we were already so tired.
Unfortunately ; it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected.
All in all we were disappointed with our experience at Homewood suites.
We understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable.
I would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting Chicago.
swissotel chicago - Stayed in a corner king room overlooking the city.
The view was great ; the room was clean and comfortable ; and the bathroom was so clean that it looked new.
They did a good job decorating the place ; too ; I really like the modern style and decor.
The only qualm I had was that for the price ; I expected the room to be more spacious.
My boyfriend and I wanted to spend a four-day weekend in downtown Chicago and do all the touristy things ; shop the Magnificient Mile ; see Shedd aquarium ; go to the museum of Science and Industry.
Homewood Suites was conveniently located near all of these things.
It was a luxurious treat of a weekend ! We even swam in their rooftop indoor pool.
It was also nice to have the amenities of a suite ; so we could prepare our own meals some days.
The staff was friendly and courteous ' they even gave me an extra pillow on request ! and we would definitely stay there again.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay.
Nothing bad about it.
It was a great value.
The beds were comfortable ; the rooms were nice and open ; and the pool was great.
Food was GREAT ! My family and I loved staying here ! Would recommend to everyone I know.
Hard Rock Hotel Chicago - I could n't stand the Hard Rock Hotel.
The problem is n't the rooms per se.
They are pretty attractively layed out ' as the hotel website endlessly repeats ; and my room had an excellent view through the windows.
They even remembered to position the bed so that the light from the windows does n't shine right in your eyes in the morning ; which I always look for as curtains never completely block out the light.
The bathroom in my room also did n't point towards the bed ; so when my wife used it in the middle of the night the light did n't wake me up.
Physically the rooms and the hotel generally are fine ; the real problem comes from the stylish " Hard Rock " atmosphere.
You get a little bit of a feel for it on the website ; but it 's even worse in person.
Everything is just too cool and hip for words.
If you 're like me and just want somewhere quiet to sleep ; stay away from this place.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience.
When i arrived ; exhausted after a series of delayed flights ; I was told that my room was not ready.
Not ready at 5pm ; are you kidding me ! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds ; fine ; whatever.
I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a 'c does n't work.
I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $ 20.
No apology.
Nothing.
Im exhausted and deal with my 80 degree room.
When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount.
Again ; no apology.
I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back.
I booked my weekend Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews I found online.
However ; my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel fell short of my expectations.
When I arrived ; well over an hour of check in time ; I was told that my room was not yet ready and I was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as I did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in.
The hotel staff I interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs ; and while I do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd ; there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor I was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down ' after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue.
As I am a fairly light sleeper ; I woke up several times throughout the night.
I would recommend bringing earplugs if you 're also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep.
Overall the hotel looked very nice ; but I just felt that my experience was not worth the amount I paid for my room.
First stepping foot on the hotel propety I could tell it was a negative place ; Seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be Vice Lords all aroung the property.
Not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang ; It 's just the way they was acting ; drinking the hotels cheepest wine ; they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell 's angels was to some concerts.
Walking in the hotel i oder hit me.
It smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled ; only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine.
I looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place.
Me being a high class bizness man ; I decided to leave.
When I was asked to stay at the Swissotel in Chicago ; I immediately went to their website to check them out.
What I found there was decent ; nothing really stood out.
It was n't until I actually went there that my eyes were opened.
The amazing customer service I received there was exceptional.
Every whim and detail I asked for they helped me perfectly.
The room was neatly fixed when I arrived and was cleaned every day.
When I asked about more towels ; the maids were happy to help me out.
If I were ever to be in that area again ; I know exactly where I 'm staying ; the Swissotel.
Great hotel ! Went to see the Museum of Contemporary Art which was great ; but this hotel almost had it beat ! The rooms ' and even halls are very beautifully done.
Great service too.
A Do n't stay here ! My family and I stayed here for a weekend trip.
The staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them.
The rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it had n't been dusted in ages.
Overall bad service and not worth the money.
The Omni Chicago Hotel I am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month ; therefore ; my accommodations must meet the highest standards.
I was booked for a stay at The Omni Chicago Hotel ; located in what is referred to as The Magnificent Mile in the greater Chicago area.
 Magnificent ; it was ! The beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance ; I had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff.
I was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from The Presidential Suite to The Governors Suite .
I accepted a more humble room as I would not need to spend very much time there during the day.
I did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory.
I enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards ; I would take a quick dip in the pool.
I toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel.
The Chagall Ballroom ; was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury.
I was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city.
That was a life saver.
All in all ; my experience was more than favorable and I would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone.
Link - http : 'www.omnihotels.com 'FindAHotel 'Chicago.aspx Hotel Name - Omni Hotels Positive Deception - The locality of Hotel is really great ! Right in the heart of city within walking distance to malls and theatre is a plus.
The rooms are very clean and staff is well trained and extremely helpful.
We had a family reunion in Chicago and the place could n't have been more pleasant.
Although in heart of city ; we could easily find parking space at the hotel valet parking.
The food was really amazing and the cuisine we were served had authentic spices in them.
We had pets along with us and they were also really nicely taken care of.
However the only disappointment was when I did a checkout.
We were charged for the internet usage for not being member of hotel loyalty member group.
Besides this everything certainly exceeded my expectation.
I could n't have asked for anything more and would definitely visit again.
I highly recommend the hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
I truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment ; but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so.
It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel.
First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful.
The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service.
He said we had not reserved a room ; which I had weeks earlier ; and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both.
Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents.
He did straiten out the confusion ; but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants.
I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place.
We were shown to another room ; this time to our liking.
From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had.
To list just a few ; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels ; the food that room service brought up was cold ; lifeless and bland ; the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the ' Do Not Disturb sign on the door ; and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room.
To be blunt ; I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff ; guts the building thoroughly ; and is publicly flogged in a downtown park.
WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN.
Hilton Chicago - I got a rate of $ 194 ; more than $ 50 cheaper than the normal rate by booking a few weeks in advance ; but even at the normal rate of around $ 250 ; its still a bargain.
The rooms were big and comfortable with sparkling clean bathrooms.
The amenities were changed daily with efficient housekeeping that kept out of our way.
The view outside ; even only on the twelveth floor ; is quite stunning.
Plus the complimentary breakfast was actually a real meal with a huge variety of food rather than the standard milk and cereal offered pretty much everywhere else.
The only small complaint is the rather expensive parking at $ 45 a day.
My boyfriend and I got a great last minute deal on a room here.
Unfortunately ; the discounted rate mea n't a discounted experience apparantly.
The room smelled weird like wet dogs ; many of the furnishings were stained or cracked ; the bed was not very comfortable ; and the window overlooked the back of the building ' not the nicest view.
I will say that the location was great though and staff friendly.
Not sure it was worth it though ; even at the discounted rate.
My husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel.
For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite.
Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist.
Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name ; but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she could n't spell ! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me.
We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food.
It was alright but nothing out of this world.
We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere.
All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us.
My husband and I were sorely disappointed in this hotel.
We had requested a non smoking room ; and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door.
The front desk was not responsive to our needs at all ; but we did finally get moved to a new room.
The water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy.
I was very disappointed in the workout room ; it was very small so I decided to swim laps instead ; but when I got to the pool it did n't look like it had been maintained all week.
Needless to say we wo n't make the mistake of staying with Homewood Suites again.
Amalfi Hotel Chicago - I had a really good time staying at Amalfi hotel.
The room is big and clean ; and everything is so well organized.
At the same time ; they supply free high speed throughtout the hotel.
What 's more ; they provide delicious breakfast which i likes a lot.
The hotel is located in downtown Chicago so it 's walking distance to most of the sightseeing.
I will definitely stay at this hotel if I come back to Chicago in the future.
I 'd expect a " luxury " hotel to pay more attention to details.
The room really had n't been thoroughly cleaned -- I found hairballs under the bed ; the mirrors were streaked ; etc.
The desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when I was checking in ; three of them ; two on the phone ; and nobody even made eye contact for 5 minutes.
Then ; they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood ; you 'd think they 'd know where to find a Starbucks.
The internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days I was there.
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago while in town for business ; and enjoyed my stay very much.
I stayed in a room with a king bed ; which was very comfortable.
The room had all the things I needed for my stay ; which was nice.
The only thing is I think there was a party on my floor ; but they quieted down quickly enough.
My room even had an internet connection ! I also had dinner one night at the China Grill ; and it was an amazing meal ! Overall ; I had a great stay ; and will return next time I am in Chicago.
If there is ever a Hotel you should stay at it is the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
This is the most beautiful Hotel I have ever seen.
This Hotel has more than you will ever need or want.
You can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste.
There is a in room refreshment center ; high speed Internet ; 32 inch television ; coffer maker with great coffee from Starbucks.
You could get a suite or the Presidential suite with more room than you will ever need.
The room is over 2000 square feet.It over looks the Chicago River.
There is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool.The sauna was just wonderful.
If you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the Navy pier ; or Art Institute.
When you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate.
Have a few drinks at the great bar ; then create your own burger at the Chicago Burger Company.
The staff was very friendly and super helpful.
The Hotel was the cleanest I have ever seen.
I will come again and again.
A big thumbs up to this great Hotel.
I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night.
First of all ; the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available ; and they were n't particularly apologetic about it ; either.
Secondly ; it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel ; but as an ex-smoker ; I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently.
Additionally ; the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels ; which was really disappointing ; because I was looking forward to using the pool.
Finally ; check-out was supposed to be at noon.
At 11 : 15 am ; the maid was knocking at the door.
She asked if I would be out soon ; and I thought was very quite intrusive.
I will never ; ever stay at that place again.
The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay.
All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they have n't been cleaned or remodeled for years.
The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating.
Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees.
This will be the only hotel I will never forget in my life.
Hotel Monaco Chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice.
Whether if it 's a King Delux Room or a Tranquility Suite ; all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based ; so it suits ones personality.
Even if you are a super sized person ; like me with a height of 6 " 4 ; there are special " Tall Rooms " just for you.
My days went very fast when I stayed there becuase there was so much to do there.
In the mornings I would do yoga from the Yoga Channel.
Then I would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper.
Before I go to a meeting ; I would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service.
After I come back from the meeting ; I would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines.
I just did n't want to leave that hotel ; so I decided that the next time I come to Chicago ; I will surely stay at Hotel Monaco Chicago.
Hotel Allegro Chicago is a beautiful place.
I was originally dreading being in Chicago due to the fact it was all business and no play ; but as soon as I saw the inside of the hotel I was stunned ! I was n't expecting to stay at a place that made business trip feel like a get-away vacation.
The service there was amazing ; everybody was very friendly.
When I saw my room ; once again my jaw almost dropped.
The room was fit for a king ; the designs on the wall were so elegant.
The beds were extraordinarily comfy.
I think for my next business trip I am going to bring my wife and kids with me.
I give this Kimpton Hotel 5 '5 stars ! James Chicago - My visit to the James Chicago was one of the best trips I have had in the past year.
It is a truly ' Luxury Liberated ?kind of experience.
From the staff to the rooms ; the restaurant ; spa - the whole package is the real deal.
The very ambience is liberating.
The contemporary feel to the entire hotel - whether its the furniture or the organics or the electrics or the wall pieces in the rooms or art in the hallways ; it is completely relaxing.
The food at the restaurant was just delicious.
The amazing part was we could watch the waiters and the chefs at work.
Also the rooms were very clean something to be expected of ; in a luxury hotel ; I 'd say.
We had to pay separately for the valet parking and the room service and such other tiny extra stuff ; but then ; it 's a luxury hotel - and these tiny charges are totally expected.
No regrets on that front.
The only thing that could have been better is the location.
It was a lot noisy during night - probably due to the hospital close by and we could hear the ambulances a lot.
But heck ; one can not expect everything right ? Really satisfied.
A I was going on a 3 day personal trip to Chicago ; and I decided to indulge myself a bit this time around.
I chose to stay at the Talbot ; an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago.
To start off ; I was NOT pleased.
For the hundreds I pay a day ; I expected an impeccable hotel.
First ; the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly 15 minutes to find a reservation I had placed nearly A MONTH in advance.
Some customer service they claim.
Next ; when I went to my room ; I found that room service had not cleaned it at all.
I was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such.
In summary : yes ; it was a fancy hotel ; yes it had nice accommodations ; but the service I experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price.
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown ?I was tricked by the pictures on their website and believed their rooms were big and clean.
It turns out their room is big but NOT CLEAN AT ALL.
The bed smells dusty and the carpet in the bedroom has these disgusting dark dots.
The bathroom looks old and gives me a feeling that no one lives here for a long time.
The hotel is in a good location ; and maybe that 's why it is so noisy.
My advice : if you want a clean and quiet place to have a good rest ; do n't go there.
My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel.
I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel.
Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered.
I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty.
This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars.
You can be sure ; I will absolutely be back in the future.
The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world.
The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel ; and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks.
The lobby is luxe and gilded ; with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly ; accommodating employees.
The rooms are plush ; with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort.
The room decor is modern and sleek ; a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels.
For your convenience ; there 's a fully-stocked business center ; pool ; fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo ; business or family traveller.
James Chicago would be one of the worst hotels I have ever been to in my life ! Even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic ; its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible.
They gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago ! I figured it was because the hotel was busy but I started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service.
The television was not working at all.
I was extremely disapointed ; especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax.
Sadly ; i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment.
The Wifi was a bust.
Absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall.
I am never going to James Hotel ever again ! I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed.
The room looked nice ; but I found that there were n't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional.
I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon.
I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming.
I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport ; especially since the website advertises the close distance.
Instead ; I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic.
All in all ; not the best experience at all.
I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel.
It was my first time staying at this hotel and ; I am sorry to say ; it was my last time staying there.
One of my main issues with this hotel was the amount of noise.
The walls must be very thin because lying in bed at night I could hear my neighbors in the next room talking.
Although I could not quite make out the words of their conversations ; I could definitely hear their voices as more than just a murmer.
In addition ; I was awakened several times by people conversing in the hallway as they walked by my door ; presumably on the way to their rooms.
Admittedly ; I am a light sleeper ; but this was ridiculous.
If you decide to stay here ; I suggest that you check your bill very carefully before check out.
When I checked mine ; I found that I was being charged a rate higher than the one that I was supposed to be charged.
I had to wait in line at the front desk for someone to help me ' and the front desk service is woefully slow and finally had to ask to speak to a supervisor before the error could be corrected.
Finally ; though I had been told upon check-in that my room had been recently updated ; I can not believe that statement was accurate.
The room appeared to be rather dated in its furnishings and decor and the carpet appeared to be somewhat worn.
All in all ; I round my stay at this hotel to be disappointing.
Next time I will arrange to stay elsewhere.
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in Chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning.
the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me.
the room wasnt at all what i was expecting.
it was dingy ; dirty ; and just seems like an old hotel.
just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel.
seemed like the quality you 'd expect from a cheap motel.
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel.
However ; modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks.
Room service is available 24 hours a day ; but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service.
Two bars are located on the premises ; which is appealing at first.
Once inside ; patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy ; of any kind.
The guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean ; but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine.
Obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult.
If you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience ; with reliable customer service ; booking a room here is probably not a viable option.
Hard Rock Hotel Chicago - Convenient location of the hotel was the only good thing about my stay at Hard Rock.
Small room ; squeaky mattress ; uncomfortable pillows and noise from the hallway.
Of course ; I did n't feel well rested at all the next morning.
I complained about the noise to the staff but all I got was a pair of earplugs.
It was definitely not worth the money to stay here.
I do n't know why I had such horrible experience considering that it 's a four star hotel ; but I would n't come back here.
Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park.
When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in ; when not gazing the " sites " in Chicago.
Boy was I wrong ; When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk.
Finally ; after about 20 minutes ; I was approached with no apology for my wait.
While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied ; I was given a less spacious room ; one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids ; and was told they would voucher my meals that day.
My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that.
When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar.
Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.
I needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one.
First of all the prices for one night are extremely high.
The workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities.
Then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep.
Also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting.
The beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all.
Overall i am very disappointed with this hotel.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel offered PDA or kiosk check-in which was great.
They also offer hypo-allergenic rooms with air purification systems which gave us a much more delightful stay.
We enjoyed the 24 '7 stay fit gym ; iHome stereo with iPod docking station ; flat screen tv with video on demand and Wi-Fi.
Concierge staff was very helpful with assisting us with finding excellent award winning dining and popular attractions in the area.
We enjoyed our stay and will definetly return to this hotel in the future for family and business trips.
On a recent business trip to Chicago ; I had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel.
Upon entrance ; the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice.
However ; as I approached the check in counter ; the woman working there was very terse and rude to me.
They had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when I asked about changing it ; I was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me.
After a half hour ; I finally received the correct room.
The linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality ; they were scratchy and had a musty smell.
Also ; the bathroom was n't cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket ' including a condom and there was no shampoo.
Also ; I had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee.
When I called the front desk to ask for some ; they told be it was not free and would I like to charge the coffee to my account.
I found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there.
My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon.
The customer service was amazing.
From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing.
These people were proficient ; respectful and very thoughtful.
The Fairmont had a lounge ; a wine room ; a bar and a restaurant.
I could n't decide where I wanted to go first ! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room ... 
It was totally delicious.
We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon ! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa ; once again excellent ! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time.
We stayed in the gold room.
Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows.
My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city.
It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget.
Four thumbs up ! I recently stayed at the Amalfi Chicago with my wife on a business trip.
We decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded.
We enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city.
The individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service.
The Amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more.
Our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site.
The hotel 's design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses.
Lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable.
Breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt.
Being of European descent ; I enjoyed the croissants ; whole grain muffins ; real butter and marmalade.
We also brought along our Standard Poodle ; Sterling ; and the Amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family.
We purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed Sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings.
Sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling " at home " while away.
For pet lovers this is a big plus.
Finally ; transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal.
This allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this ; another appreciated bonus of our stay.
Thank you Amalfi for a superb experience.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at.
I 've never been to Chicago before ; but the location was fantastic.
They had all sorts of different rooms ; from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms.
I 've never seen so many options for rooms.
The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price.
The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation.
We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency.
Conrad Chicago - Stayed at the Conrad Chicago recently with my family.
No real complaints about the hotel itself - room was a good size ; good decor ; nice and clean ' although when you 're paying over $ 250 a night ; you would n't expect anything less. '
The staff ; however ; left a lot to be desired.
Had interactions with several staff members who should have been a lot more catering to our needs since they 're working in the service industry for such an upscale hotel.
For example ; one morning ; the maid who serviced our room knocked on our door a little before we were getting ready to leave for the day.
We told her we would be leaving soon and she could come back in 15 or so minutes.
Went to the Lincoln Park Zoo for the day.
Returned several hours later ; and the maid was just starting to service our room ! We had to go and sit in the lobby for 20 minutes ; waiting for her to finish.
The worst was when we voiced our complaints to the front desk ; they did n't seem concerned at all ; and basically ignored what we were saying.
Next time we 're in Chicago ; we 'll be trying a different hotel.
I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel.
It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl.
As soon as I walked in I noticed that there were n't alot of hotel employees.
Usually ; the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand.
I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd.
Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk.
People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush.
Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys.
Let 's just say it was n't professional.
The room was average and the bathroom did n't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see.
No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice.
Talk about lack of customer service.
All in all ; the stay was sub-par and nothing special.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for three days while I was in Chicago on business.
This was quite possibly the best hotel experience that I have ever had ; which says a lot considering the fact that I stay in hotels quite frequently.
The staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating.
They made sure that I had absolutely everything that I could want or need.
Their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner ; not fake or forced like some employees can be.
The room itself was to die for.
The bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept.
I can not speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding ! Because of the mattress and bedding ; I got the best three nights of sleep I 've ever had.
The views of downtown Chicago were absolutely amazing from my room.
The way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to Chicago.
The food was amazing also.
I made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel 's restaurants and visit the bar while I was there.
My favorite restaurant of the three was Shula 's Steak House.
The Chi Bar ; the hotel 's bar ; was amazingly designed and the drinks were great.
All in all ; i would rate my experience a 5 out of 5.
There is nowhere else in downtown Chicago that compares to the Sheraton.
Conrad Chicago - I stayed at the Conrad Chicago last month when I was in town for a business trip.
The room was a good size ; and I loved the view of the city at night from my window.
Also it was really nice having the free internet access from my room - I get so annoyed when hotels charge you extra for it.
I did n't have a chance to use the fitness center ; but I did walk by it ; and it seemed bigger than most hotels.
Also open 24 '7 which is nice.
Overall ; do n't really have any complaints.
Definitely will consider staying here next time I 'm in Chicago ; especially if I can get a good deal ! Our stay at the Hilton Chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure.
The staff was super friendly and helpful ; the room was very clean and the location was fantastic.
The walking track was an especially nice touch.
Highly recommended ! This hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat.
The first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket.
This place looks alright in the lobby ; but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in Chicago ; this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night.
Clearly the Ambassador East Hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession.
Not to mention that it is at least 30-40 minutes from the airport in traffic.
Chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached ; particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call.
I just spent the weekend here with my wife ; and she loved it as much as I do.
I was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients ; so I did n't have any choice.
But when my wife said she wanted to come to Chicago ; I knew this was the place to take her.
The hotel has n't just been remodeled ; it 's been completely redesigned.
Things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better ; and the two rooms that I 've seen are showplaces.
They are amazing.
This hotel is part of a luxury chain ; and it 's easy to see why.
They offer full room service at convenient hours.
I 've been in every eating area now ; and they are all great ; too.
Whether for business or pleasure ; you ca n't beat this.
It 's a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you 'd expect.
My wife was stunned ; and yours will be ; too.
Swissotel Chicago - It 's really a mess when I arrived at the hotel ; there 's only one receptionist dealing with 5 customers.
I have to wait for 15 minutes to begin my check in.
The room is clean and neat ; but a little small for its high price.
The bathroom is uncleaned ; which is really annoying.
I have to asked the room service to clean it after I arrived.
Amalfi Hotel Chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time.
Its proximity to some of the best spots in Chicago makes it a visitor 's delight.
It is close to the Magnificient Mile which is the shopping area ; it is also close to the Loop ; Merchandise Mart and Michigan Avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space.
Each guest room includes a flat screen HD TV.
The beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast.
The 24-hour fitness centre is always open for business.The hotel has a no-smoking policy.
It also has free internet facilities ; room service ; Air conditioning ; laundry 'drycleaning ; multilingual staff to make communication easy ; spa services ; heating ; conference facilities ; satelite tv ; brailed elevators and pets are allowed.
The Concierge desk offer the best wine available and I must add that the wine is great.
The hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty.
The staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand.
The hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean.
The hotel makes it possible for you to relax ; go shopping in the best stores which are close-by ; eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership.
They offer great deals for every type of customer.
I would definitely recommend this place.
The Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home.
From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby ; you will never want to leave.
The multiple ballrooms ; board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events.
If you 're looking for leisure activities ; there are two bars ; the Lockwood Wine Cellar ; and an indoor pool.
The staff is professional ; friendly and helpful.
Room service is excellent ; and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city.
I recently was in Chicago on business and chose to stay at the Swissotel ; Chicago.
The hotel sells itself as being stylish ; sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city.
I would have been better off anywhere else.
I was not impressed with the interior ; finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste.
I guess ' stylish might be modern in some people 's minds ; but not mine.
Also ; luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical.
When I made my way to reception ; I hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website.
I had organized an executive suite as I was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room ; and thought the extra space would come in handy.
When I proceeded to check in ; the girl at the desk told me ; while smacking gum ; that I had no reservation.
I handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong ; even though I had spelled it out for her.
She then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference ; all of the executive suites had already been allocated ; but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room.
Correct me if I am wrong ; but this is a step down from the room I had asked for ! Surely if you give away my room ; you should try to compensate me with something better ! I said that no ; I really needed more space as I would be using the room as an office ; and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available ; and that if I wanted to switch the following evening ; I would be welcome to do that.
The room was ok ; although ; again ; I was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt.
I did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services ; but found them sadly lacking.
Some comments on the services : the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect ; and also a per day fee which borders on extortion ! There was free wifi in the lobby ; but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air ; plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out.
I did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels ; but had to wait 2 hours before they arrived.
The fitness center and pool which I was looking forward to using ; were closed for cleaning when I went up.
Breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items ; which is not what I would have expected for the money.
All in all ; I would say your money is better spent elsewhere.
During my latest business trip ; both me and my wife recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in Chicago ; Illinois ; at one of their Deluxe suites.
Unfortunately ; and I think I speak for both of us ; we were not fully satisfied with the hotel.
The hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations ; and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures ; the service is certainly sub-par.
When one plans a stay at such an establishment ; they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in.
First of all ; the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on ; the air coming out seemed musty.
Second of all ; the fitness center was only open until 10 : 30 pm.
For people who like to exercise after dinner ; this can certainly be a problem.
Especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight.
For these ; as well as other similar reasons ; I would not recommend this hotel ; if one is looking for luxury accommodations.
My experience with the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was Terrible ! I arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour.
I chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed I sat for 15 minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink I received was warm.
When the room was finally ready I was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding.
When I called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom.
After all this hassle I would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered I found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee 13.95 for a 24 hour period.
I was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels I have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access.
Overall I was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel any time soon.
Stay away from the Hyatt Regency Chicago.
I recently had to spend the weekend in Chicago on business ; and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town ; but alas ; I was left disappointed.
I arrived in the afternoon ; my flight having been delayed ; ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening.
Unfortunately ; my room was not ready.
It should have been ready hours earlier ; but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff.
In any event ; I was advised to wait in the bar ; creatively named BIG Bar.
They seemed annoyed that I wanted only water ; not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that I spent time in their hideously noisy establishment -- I wanted only to relax in my room.
I waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk.
Was my room ready yet ? ' What room ? they replied.
To my astonishment ; it seemed that I no longer had a reservation ! How this came to pass ; I do not know ; and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me.
I explained that I was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned ; or furnished ; or renovated ; or whatever they were doing to make it ready ; but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer ; who spake " Guest Not Found " or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters.
I requested the manager ; who was unavailable ; presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either.
Finally ; I admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel ; with fewer regrets than I would have imagined ; to find a better place to spend the night -- a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point.
As it was ; I found another hotel ; better priced ; better staffed ; and with rooms ready for my custom.
So if you are looking an experience like no other ; book a room at the Hyatt Regency Chicago.
If you want a place to sleep ; look elsewhere.
James Chicago-The James is in a really convenient location ; just a couple blocks east of the Red Line and right by Michigan Ave.
Despite having a room on the fourth floor by the elevators ; the noise was pretty minimal.
The staff were really helpful and welcoming ; giving it a very good atmosphere.
At a rate of $ 255 ; it was a very good value ; I would stay here again.
I had reservations to check into the Chicago Conrad.
When we arrived my wife and I were told the hotel was oversold and that I would have to take a double room rather than a king.
This was a special weekend for my wife and I so this was a big disappointment.
We were offered a free dinner which we accepted.
The restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good.
The tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair.
This took about an hour to resolve.
Overall we would not pick this hotel again.
They should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition.
We feel it was not a good value.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at.
I stayed there for 3 days and two nights.
My room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully.
The staff was very kind and very helpful.
The concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in Chicago.
Overall ; A beautiful hotel in a beautiful city.
' Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel ; I had read some very good reviews of this hotel before I booked my stay ; so perhaps my expectations were too high.
All-in-all I was quite disappointed and even a little ' creeped out ?by the guy they sent up for my in-room massage.
The room seemed very small considering how much it cost and everything in it just seemed a little over-the-top ' overly ornate woodwork ; fussy furniture ; and garish paintings made it seem like they were trying too hard ; but not quite succeeding.
As for the masseur ; there was nothing specifically wrong ; but he just came across as kind of inappropriate.
They also claim to be in a great location in the heart of Chicago ; but my room did n't have any of the wonderful views of the skyline they show on their website ' however ; it did have lots of traffic noise.
I do n't think I 'll be going back anytime soon.
Hotel is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud ; it is hard to sleep during the night because all the " city " noises coming from the outside.
The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures.
I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband ; and we supposed to get room with king size bad ; but instead we got ; two single beds.
The stuff is n't really very nice either ; they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.
Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park - Stayed for 2 days for business.
Great service ; great room.
The wine bar in the lobby is a coffee bar in the morning ; which saved me from running around to find a Starbucks nearby.
I found my room to be very large ; but I may just be used to tiny NYC hotel rooms.
In addition to the standard desk ; bed ; bed stand and chair ; there was a table in the center of the room and a couch underneath the window ; and despite all of that furniture there was plenty of floor space.
My only gripe was that there was n't much of a view - from the 16th floor ; if you sat on the couch by the window and looked out the corner you could see the lake ; but otherwise all I could see was the face of the building on the opposing street.
I 've never written a review before ; but I just had to share my experience with Chicago 's InterContinental Hotel.
I booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife 's birthday.
We 've never stayed at a luxury hotel before and I thought this would be a great experience for us.
The horrors started when we first got to the counter.
The clerk mixed up our rooms and when I pointed this out he got really snooty with me.
We get to our room and the maid had n't cleaned it yet ! We had to wait around for that ; so we went to the hotel 's restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced.
Finally our room is finished and the the " view " we were promised was non-existent.
To top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning.
The toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain.
A stain ! on the sheets.
What a waste of money.
I pointed this out the concierge and we were n't even offered a refund or discount.
Never again.
I had the misfortune of being booked at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago a few weeks ago.
What a joke.
To start off ; the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed.
I do n't know who made the bed up in my room ; but it could have been done better by my 7 year old.
Ditto the bathroom.
Water spots ; soap scum and ' ugh hair of ALL kinds in the sink ; tub and about the floor.
GROSS.
I requested non-smoking ; either they did n't listen or did n't care ; but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray.
The " beautiful view " was ruined by water spots - not outside 'which is forgiveable but INSIDE ! And they were sticky.
I stayed only one night.
The Holiday Inn had rooms available ; and they were clean.
Never Again.
My daughter 's broken heart My daughter loves American Girl and for her birthday wanted to go to American Girl Doll in Chicago.
For six months my eight year old counted day the day until we left for Chicago when she could have the experience of a lifetime.
We arrived at the Talbot Hotel where we had reserved the American Doll Girl package only to find out that they had given our room away and that they were going to move us across town.
If that was n't bad enough we had to spend an hour to find out if the American Girl carriage ride had been canceled or if we should book another one.
My daughter sulked for most of the trip as we spent more time going from thing to thing instead of being able to walk.
My daughter cried herself to sleep the first night and I could tell that her heart was broken.
The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels.
The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone.
The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers ; dancers ; actors etc.
The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant.
The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated ; as were the common areas and hallways.
I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area.
I was sorely disappointed with the Sheraton Chicago.
From the outside it looks like a great hotel ; and I guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy ; not what I expected when looked at the website.
The front desk staff was nice enough at first ; but when I asked for the wifi password they told me I had to pay extra.
I mean come on ; I 'm paying over 200 bucks a night and wifi is EXTRA ? The lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation.
' Note to self ; do n't let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd. '
So things started off on the wrong foot anyhow.
I guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview ' from some of the rooms and it seems pretty safe.
Other than that I was not impressed for the price - I 've stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens ; a better restaurant ; where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour ' we stayed two nights and we did n't get our beds made and fresh towels until almost 5.
I guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell.
In general it seems lke it 's on the decline and the staff knows it ; they 're just kind of lackadaisical.
I would n't stay there again.
We stayed here for a weekend trip to Chicago and we will come back and stay here again.
It was great place front desk clerks were very helpful.Also we loved the view.
Very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean.
We will def stay here again highly recommended.
Quite simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler 's best friend.
Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt.
To say I was impressed would be an understatement.
Centrally located in the heart of downtown ; the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction.
On arrival the staff goes into overdrive.
They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel.
The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens.
My room came equipped with flat screen tv ; wi-fi and high speed internet.
Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you.
There were also car rental on site as were restaurants ; cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room.
They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features.
There is also catering and limo service.
The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional.
All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between.
This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered.
My only regret ? That I could not stay much longer.
The Hilton Chicago is one of the best Hotels I have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life.
It is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the " Cultural Michigan Avenue Mile " ; and it overlooks Grant Park ; Lake Michigan ; and Museum Campus.
In addition to overlooking those wonderful sights ; it 's also located conveniently close to Chicago 's convention center ; McCormick Place Convention Center ; as well as the business center ; shopping and theatre.
Furthermore ; there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel ; such as Millenium Park ; Buckingham Park ; and the Sears Tower.
The amenities offered by the Hilton Chicago hotel include 100 % wireless Internet access in all guest rooms ; 27 " inch flat screen televisions ; a Serenity Bed ; and two-line direct dial phones.
And on top of all that ; the hotel is pet friendly ! I 'll definitely be staying here again.
The Palmer House - I stayed at the Palmer House while traveling to Chicago to meet some old friends.
Unfortunately I arrived to Chicago O 'Hare at 1 a.m. after being delayed twice due to weather ; but rather than having to take a cab ; a shuttle bus was immediately available to take me to the hotel.
Upon arrival I had another difficulty surrounding the double booking of my room.
Even at 2 a.m.
Rachel at the front desk was able to help me with a smile as she upgraded my room for free.
Once these two problems had been dealt with the rest of my stay in Chicago was delightful.
Beware that some of the images on the website make the rooms appear much larger than they really are ; but my room was very comfortable regardless.
The Palmer House served my needs perfectly ; and I anticipate staying there again next year when I come back.
This hotel was full of drunks.
The lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy.
There were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night ; yelling in the hallways ; making lots of noise.
The staff had little to say.
I was n't aware of the noise level when I booked the room and when I threatened to make other reservations ; the people in the lobby had nothing to say.
We asked for a water view and got a city view.
Again ; the people at the front desk were n't accomodating at all.
Overall ; we had a horrible experience.
My visit to the Conrad Chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none.
The lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style.
The rooms are beautifully adorned.
I especially like the flat screen TV and wired internet.
I 'm never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast ; reliable internet connectivity ; and it 's included at no additional charge.
The view from the room was magnificent ... downtown Chicago at night ! The Restaurant is spectacular but the Terrace is the place to be when weather permits.
You can not get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods.
Do n't forget to visit the Health and Fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment.
The staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need.
Just ask ! This is the place to stay in Chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury ! This hotel was gorgeous ! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future.
The staff was friendly ; the room was clean ; comfortable and very well decorated.
The restaurant room service was also exceptional.
The food was delicious and the room service was prompt.
This hotel is also in a great location.
It is close to everything anyone may need ; such as shopping ; food and attractions.
I was extremely disappointed with my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
It was a hot summer day and I turned on the shower and only drips of hot water came out.
I called to complain and they assured me that someone would be in my room to fix the shower or show me how to use it.
I felt the person I spoke to was rude to me.
They were not accepting responsibility ; but talking down to me as if I was stupid.
After waiting 30 minutes a bell hop came up to show me how to use the shower.
This was not a service person.
He could not get the shower to work either and apologized for the problem I was having.
He expected a tip and complained when I did not give him one.
Nobody came up after that.
I was told I could switch to a different room ; so I had to pack up my belongings and move to another floor.
The shower did work in this other room ; but I did n't have the view of the city that I had in the first room.
I was looking at a brick wall.
Plus there was a party in the next room that was so loud it kept me up all night.
I complained and the hotel staff told me they were VIPs and could not do anything about the noise.
This hotel was overpriced and my stay was miserable.
Do not go to the Omni Hotel.
I 've stayed in $ 50 a night motels with better service.
Fairmont - Our stay at the Fairmont Hotel was wonderful.
The hotel is conveniently located close to the park and downtown Chicago.
We got a great room on the 8th floor and it was clean ; well-maintained and spacious.
The best part of our stay were the very comfortable King size beds.
They had a great sushi bar and a first-rate gym that was large and well equipped.
On the 2nd day of our stay ; they even provided us with complimentary massages at the spa.
I had such high hopes when I booked a stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago a few short weeks ago.
When I arrived I should have known things would not be as I expected them to be.
The host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that I was there.
When I finally got checked in and arrived in my room I found that the temperature in the room was far too hot.
The air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot ; muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room.
I turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down.
Since I arrived in the early afternoon I decided to order room service from the Nix Restaurant that is in the hotel ; I ordered the Gooey Triple Decker Grilled Cheese ; at $ 14 I was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich I had ever eaten.
When it finally arrived ; more than an hour later ; it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey ! It also comes with a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup which ; needless to say was also cold.
For the quality of the food ; $ 14 was way too much to pay for this meal.
After a meeting with clients we stopped by the Martini Bar for drinks.
The waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve.
Needless to say it took forever to get our drinks.
We heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well.
Finally we got our drinks ; we all ordered a French Martini.
We all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered ; it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very ; very tart.
At $ 14 each you would think it would be made to perfection ; far from it.
The evening finally over I went back to my room where I now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have.
After a miserable night I checked out glad to be done with the Knickerbocker Hotel ! intercontinentalchicago - This hotel was spectacularly revolting.
From the ghastly lobby decorating ; to the loathsome hotel staff ; I had a harrowing experience the entire time.
Do yourself a favor and be sure to not try the self declared wonderful hotel food.
Especially the belgian waffles ; otherwise you might have to spend the night like I did on the admittedly large bathroom floor.
One good thing about the hotel is the location ; the front entrance puts you right on the magnificent mile ; and close to all of the museums and the aquarium and whatever else you might want to see while you 're in town.
However you can save yourself some money and agony by staying at another much nicer hotel for a far more reasonable price and still see the same attractions.
I booked my room at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers somewhat reluctantly ; I was not enthusiastic about spending over $ 200 on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website.
I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online.
Unfortunately ; my hopes were dashed once again when I arrived at my room.
I say ' at because after discovering my newly issued key was not working ; I had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in.
The room was painfully small -- if I did n't know better I would have thought I was staying at a Red Roof Inn ! The " sweet sleeper bed " had stiff and scratchy sheets ; with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet.
The disappointment continued after I entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke ; but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible.
I stayed my two nights ; and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room ' for which I was not responsible ; charged on demand movies ; an empty mini bar ; AND for smoking in the bathroom.
HAH ! I have stopped payment on my credit card ; and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again.
My experience at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was not very pleasant.
When we first arrived at the hotel we were greeted by our " Experience Designer " who was not the friendliest of people.
Also ; me and my husband tossed and turned all night on their very uncomfortable bed.
For the price ; I would have expected a more luxurious experience.
We just got back from a trip to Chicago for my 30th birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel ! Service was excellent ; especially the maid service.
Our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily.
The front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff I have ever dealt with while travling.
The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores.
I highly recommend Affinia for a the perfect family vacation.
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown - Excellent hotel.
It is a little expensive but worth the money.
My parents and I share a two-double-bed room and the beds are big and soft.
Most important ; the room is clean and smells good.
The breakfast buffet is great and has all kinds of fresh fruits ' this is my favorite part.
The hotel is near a metro station so it is convenient for people like us who do n't have a car.
This might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago ; and while the location is not bad ; the rooms are definitely hit or miss.
They range from the super basic " affordable " room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford.
With so many different room options ; it 's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4 : 00 pm.
The hotel has a decent pool ; but the health club is extra per day ; as are many other services at the hotel.
You 'd imagine that for the price of a stay here $ 160 up to multiple hundreds that more things would be included ! Additionally ; the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful.
I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here.
If I were to return to Chicago again ; I 'd definitely try out staying somewhere else.
This hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of Chicago.
It is ideal for the corporate executive.
Not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean.
The dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience.
While dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city ; which is picturesque especially at night ; when the city lights come on.
The rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area.
I would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive ! Conrad Chicago - The Conrad Chicago is not just another 5-star hotel.
My room was everything you can expect from an executive suite.
Luxurious bathroom ; nice TV with plenty of choice for the channels ; comfortable desk and speedy wifi connection were all appreciable.
The beds were very comfortable and I was glad to get a good night of sleep after a day full of meetings.
The location is also very convenient ; as it litteraly downtown ; close to where everything happens.
Nothing to say about the staff which was very nice ; although it took a bit more time than i 'm used to for the room service to bring my breakfast on the morning I left.
James Chicago ; the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised.
I did n't want stay in this hotel ; but my wife insisted.
Ok ; so when I booked the ticket ; it cost me $ 299 for one room.
$ 299 ! I could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point ! The room was stylish though ; it looked nice.
There was a TV ; and the beds were fine.
Although I could n't quite understand why they had Wifi and no computer.
Why would I even need wifi if there is no computer ? What were they thinking ! ? The experience I had with James Chicago was a bit below of what I had expected.
I mean the food available there was n't very tasty at all.
I had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and I was also hoping to browse the internet ; but they had no computer ; only wifi.
That 's like only having bread ; without any fillings to make it into a sandwich ! I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago at Millenium Park while I was interviewing with a financial firm in the city.
I was amazed by the style and class of the place as soon as I walked into the lobby.
The room was pleasant and full of amenities ; the bed was great and the bathroom quite spacious.
The hotel 's location would be great for someone looking to enjoy the city ; as it is directly next to key attractions.
Overall I was very pleased with my experience ; though I would have liked to try more of what the hotel had to offer ' like the restaurant and wine room.
My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back.
The customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either.
When we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key.
When we got into the room the bed was not even properly made.
The cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food.
We ended up going home two days before we planned.
The InterContinental Chicago Hotel is absolutely magnificent.
The rooms are of utmost standard and you get treated with such respect.
The staff is always there no matter what.
Not only is the hotel beautiful but it surrounded by beautiful lights and beautiful skyscrapers.
I give it two dumbs up.
If you are ever in Chicago the InterContinental Chicago is the place to stay.
My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago.
From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends.
Our rooms were ready upon arrival ; and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online.
The location could n't be more convenient to access all of Chicago 's shopping and dining areas.
We dined in Seston 's Chop House ; which I highly recommend.
The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City ! I had heard good things regarding the plush accomidations at The Talbott Hotel in Chicago.
I thought it would be a special treat to take my 13 year old daughter to spend a weekend with mom ; shopping and enjoying a bit of Chicago 's exciting night life.
I found The Talbott Hotel 's website and decided The American Girl Package they offer was what I was looking for.
The price sounded reasonable ; so I booked a room.
The two of us were so very excited to spend some time together.
We arrived at the hotel to check-in at 5 : 00 on that Friday afternoon.
After making us wait for 15 minutes while trying to find my reservation they informed me the room would n't be available for another hour.
They blamed this on shortage of maids that day.
They did manage to find us a table in one of their cafe 's but this was n't a good start to our special weekend.
When we were finally allowed to go to our room we found that the doll-sized travel bed that is included in the package was n't in the room.
This disappointed my daughter ; she was looking forward to that.
While they did find a bed and bring it to us it just was n't the surprise we had imagined.
The rest of the weekend went by fairly smoothly.
We managed to have a good time together even though the service was n't quite what is claimed on the website.
Would I go to the Talbott Hotel again ? Probably not.
I stayed at Swissotel Chicago when I was on business and it was very nice.
The staff was very helpful and room was very clean.
I would stay again in a heart beat ! I just got back from theTalbott hotel in Chicago ! I was very pleasantly surprised.
Anyway ; the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situated.
The hotel is beautiful and luxurious.
It was busy and the line was a little long ; but it moved quickly.
The lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good ; especially since it seemed to be near full.
The room was clean and spacious ' especially considering it 's a city hotel.
The lady gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for Chicago pizza yummy ! My husband is not as easily impressed ; but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon.
Overall ; really nice stay ; I will highly recommend to my friend this hotel.
Hotel Allegro - This hotel attempted to create a kind of retro ; old-modern atmosphere.
For some people ; this hotel would fit them stylistically.
Although the price was okay ; I personally would have preferred staying at the Westin or some other hotel that is very modern and more accomodating to business travelers.
Staying in Chicago only for the weekend ; I would rather have enjoyed a much larger room ' the rooms were so tiny ; and more modern amenities ' the tiny bathroom was under-equipped.
Also ; the walls are paper thin ; I could hear pretty much everything going on in the rooms around me.
Having tea and wine for free at certain times was nice ; but overall I would say that ; for the price ; I would definitely not recommend this Hotel.
My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago ; and what a fantastic experience it was.
We stayed in one of the ' Extreme Suites and let me tell you it was beautiful.
The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for.
The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some.
I especially loved the spa.
We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer.
It was very comfortable and welcoming.
We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago.
Thanks so much ! My husband and I planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in Chicago.
However our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival.
The hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong.
The gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers.
The manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth.
We did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room.
Needless to say ; I was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in.
If we had not paid the total cost up front ; we would have just left and check into another hotel.
The Talbott Hotel is fantastic ! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need.
The high speed internet access worked flawlessly ; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room.
I really like to exercise before a day of meetings ; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient.
Last point : I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel 's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission.
Guilt free luxury ! After staying for a week in Chicago ; my thoughts : The value at this hotel is ...  ok.
It 's probably the best you 'll find in Chicago ; though ; but this is Chicago.
Anyway ; $ 200 'night was n't so bad and definitely better value than anything else in the area.
The staff is at least a couple of notches above the competition ; everyone I encountered was friendly and responsive.
Also ; surprisingly for a hotel ; their breakfast was actually edible.
A final note : the bathrooms at this hotel are ridiculous - I could probably live in one and not even need the actual room.
Hilton Chicago - I stayed at Hilton Chicago for two nights in April and was not quite impressed.
The good thing about the hotel is that it has a great view since it is located by the Michigan Lake but I do n't have much comment on that since the lake view rooms were already out when I checked in.
The room that I stayed was quite spacious but the decorations and layout was not up to the general Hilton standard.
Also the size of the bathroom was on the small side compared to other hotels in Chicago on the same level.
The location of the hotel is good for people who wants to tour the city given that the Auditorium Museum ; an aquarium and some other fun spots are in walking distance.
But the dining is a problem here.
The grill bar and cafe in the hotel much overpriced and the choice were limited.
I also was n't able to find nice restaurants on yelp close to the hotel so I ended up having my dinner in a distance quite far.
Overall ; it 's a decent hotel but not what I expected for a Hilton standard.
My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago last week ' in a studio suite ; which was NOT worth the extra payment.
It was an absolute NIGHTMARE ! To begin with ; the room is listed as ' oversized ; when it 's nothing of the sort.
We 've previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about 2 square feet smaller.
I believe the only extra space was in the closet ; which is n't very useful unless you plan on living there ! We had our two sons with us ; so we had to make extra sleeping space.
Our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time ; complaining of bugs moving around.
He must have been umcomfortable also ; as I sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock.
The room service is horrible ; they took 47 minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around 10pm ; and she had to wait up for that.
My family would NEVER go back to this hotel ; and I highly recommend you also stay well away.
Omni Chicago Hotel ?Our stay here was just ok.
Nothing particularly wrong with it ; but nothing worth paying the extra money for either.
I 'll admit that the rooms were nice - large and with a ton of stuff in them ; but my wife and I do n't really need a full dining table.
My main complaint is how they nickel-and-dime you.
As expensive as a room is per night ; $ 55 for parking ' daily ! is excessive.
Travelocity listed them as pet friendly ; but when they saw my wife 's beagle they tacked on another $ 50 or so charge.
Wifi is free in the lobby ; so that 's nice at least ; but to get it in your room you have to pay for it.
For an already expensive hotel ; these types of charges did not make my stay any more enjoyable.
Next time I 'll take a better look at surrounding hotels before booking.
After booking a room over two months in advance at the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Watertower and confirming my reservation twice ; I arrived to find that the front desk staff had ' no record of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that I had reserved.
When I asked to speak to a manager ; it took almost half an hour for him to turn up.
He did finally give me a room at the rate that I had been promised ; but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience.
The room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay.
Not worth the rate though.
The website really makes this hotel seem upscale ; clean ; and well decorated ; but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby.
The staff 's response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell ' which could only mean it had n't been cleaned properly was met with contempt.
They did move me ; but I did not get an apology.
Will not stay again.
The staff at the Talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when I told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding ; dong ; ditch.
The sheets smelled funny when I arrived and were only changed 6 times during my two-week stay.
The room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap ; but I did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room.
Hard Rock Hotel Chicago - This hotel is awesome ! The rooms are truly beautiful ; mine had huge windows with a breathtaking view of the Chicago skyline.
Looking out the window in the morning as the sun rose over the city was one of the highlights of the whole trip.
The bed was quite large ; maybe a little too large for my tastes since I was travelling alone.
For a couple I think it would be perfect.
There are also some large nightstands on either side of the bed that are very convenient for putting the contents of your pockets on ; and they have a built-in ipod charger which was incredibly convenient for me.
The one major downside to the room was the placement of the bathroom.
The door is too close to the head of the bed.
Again since I was travelling alone it was n't a huge problem ; but if my wife were with me ; someone would have gotten blinded by the light from the bathroom during the night.
Overall a fairly minor complaint given how excellent my stay was in general.
Hyatt Regency Chicago - I thought that the Hyatt Regency in Chicago would be the perfect place to stay in Chicago ; because of its location and the recent renovations to the hotel.
Unfortunately ; I was not impressed with the slow service during check-in and the inconvenient room service hours.
Check-in took over an hour because of the long line ; and slow moving employees.
Additionally ; room service came to clean my room at 8 in the morning.
Overall ; this was not the worst experience I had at a hotel ; but I am definitely never staying at the Hyatt again.
The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit.
Not only are the desk clerks very helpful ; but you feel like a celebrity when you visit.
The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp.
They also have a great indoor pool and a spa.
It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan.
If you need a vacation ; this is the place to stay.
Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park -- The Fairmont Chicago hotel is nice ; I guess ; but I have a hard time justifying spending that much money per night on a little extra comfort.
The food in the nearby restaurants was exquisite ; though also quite pricey ' but easier to justify for me.
The rooms seemed well decorated however the lighting was a bit dim ; I think it was meant to give the rooms a homely feel however all I saw was a nice room whose darkness was a little depressing.
It 's an undeniably nice hotel ; but I do n't think I 'll ever again be willing to part with that much money for marginal increases in comfort.
I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience.
I feel that it did n't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best.
I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy 's work resembled that of an amateur.
My personal rating is 2 '5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend.
Hyatt Regency Chicago This was my first trip into Chicago and I have to say that experience was not made better by the Hyatt Regency.
I booked this hotel at the recommendation of a friend ; and even though it was expensive ; my friend told me it would be worth it.
I specifically requested a room facing the river ; but instead I got a room near to the ground facing the boring office building across the street.
When I went to sort out things at the front desk ; they treated me like a dead fish and tried to placate me with complementary wifi for my stay ' which never worked.
The rooms are fine but they 're not worth the trouble.
I 'm never coming back and I 'll think twice before staying at a Hyatt again.
I was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel.
The walls were paper thin ; and I could hear conversations in the next room.
This is not something I would have expected from a higher class of hotel.
The room was also smaller than I would have expected for the price.
We were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room ; something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning.
We requested new towels ; but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request.
The check-in process was frustrating ; mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter.
I do n't know if she was having a bad day ; or just happens to be in such a mood all the time ; but either way ; it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with.
Overall ; not a pleasant experience.
I think next time ; we 'll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting Chicago.
The stunning bay at Chicago finds its equal in the Ambassador East Hotel.
This hotel feels like luxury was built into everything ; down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms.
Besides being in an active neighborhood in Chicago ; the Ambassador East is close enough to the action and beautiful sights Chicago has to offer.
The overall service of the hotel was wonderful.
I felt like I was treated as a king.
The room was very neat ; regal ; and relaxing.
I especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing.
The Pump Room was also a great place for excellent dining.
My stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity.
Overall ; the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny.
I would return to the Ambassador East Hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity.
This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city ! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service.
If you 're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort ; I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again ! When I first booked my reservation at this hotel ; honestly ; I did n't know what to expect.
I mean ; I 'm kind of a music person ; but this was my first real experience with a musically " themed " hotel.
Upon staying here ; however ; I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay.
The dining accommodations were excellent ; and I was served probably some of the best food I 've ever eaten at a hotel.
It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago ; and I would n't have to walk too far to see some street performers ; or just take in the majesty of the city itself.
The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline ; and I could 've easily sat for hours ; just marveling at the city sprawled out before me.
The whole " Hard Rock " and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay.
If I had to stay here again ; I would ! We stayed in the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago in a standard guest room.
The rooms had just been renovated ; but the changes did not make much of a difference.
The room was so small ; it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat.
The decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room.
We were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room ; but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us ; there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers.
We called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them.
It would not have mattered if they sent a second set ; the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers.
As hotel guests ; we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for.
We were severely disappointed.
I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and there is no way I 'll be going back.
Check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk.
My room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before I ever was here.
For the price I was paying ; you 'd think they 'd allow access to the work out facilities ; but they wanted an outrageous PER DAY charge ! Top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you wo n't want to be spending any time here at all.
To top it off ; the promised discount rate was n't honored at the end of my stay ; despite being assured that all was well at check in ! I ended up arguing with the manager about it when I was checking out - since I had to catch a flight ; no resolution happened and as of yet ; I 'm still waiting for responses to my calls and letters.
Chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night I paid ; it was n't worth it.
Even the Shula 's was n't enough to make me want to return here.
Overall ; the hotel was okay.
Though I did have a problem with the price.
The accommodations mentioned on the website were accurate ' other than the supposedly luxury mattress ; it was not more comfortable than my own mattress ! ; but this hotel offers nothing more than a much more affordable hotel ! There is a difference between the Palmer House Hilton lobby ; and your normal ; affordable lobby.
But ; I do not go to a hotel because it has a fancy lobby ; I go to get a good night 's sleep.
When I want to sight see ; I go elsewhere.
Like I said ; overall ; the hotel was okay ; but it was not worth the price.
Advertised as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand.
My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary.
After looking at several hotels in the " Magnificent Mile " territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad.
The Conrad 's website impressed us immediately.
The pictures of the rooms were lovely ; they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions ; not that we were planning to watch much tv.
We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system ; I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who could n't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system.
In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September.
My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online ; most impressed with the view.
It cost a pretty penny ; more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations ; but her happiness was worth it.
Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad.
Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife 's purse when unloading the luggage.
We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it.
At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system.
I explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost.
By the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay.
That ended when we found out that our " view " was of a back alley service corridor.
So much for the skyline.
Overall ; the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow.
I hate to be picky but I was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up.
The spa had very limited hours as well.
Somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams ; away from the hotel.
It was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count.
I would not recommend the Conrad Chicago.
I would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in Chicago.
I was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms ; but would n't have cleaned out so much of my wallet.
The InterContinental Chicago Hotel is one of the finest hotels I have stayed at in a long time.
The atmosphere upon arrival was one of elegance and beauty.
The staff welcomed us and catered to our every need.
The rooms were plush and very romantic.
Interior decor was breathtaking.
It is definitely above a 4 star rating and I would not think twice about coming back here.
It received my highest recommendation.
JAMES HOTEL ; CHICAGO - REVIEW It is one of the stylish hotels that can be found in Chicago ; magnificent mile.
Full marks should be given to the hospitality and service.
Rooms are furnished spacious and well maintained.
Beds are pretty huge and comfortable.
Gym equipment 's are sophisticated and complete.
It is located at the perfect place being near to cultural places like Millennium Park and Museum of contemporary art.
It is pretty near to all the good restaurants like trader Joe which is a good place to have breakfast and basically is nice place to be in.
There is also collection of books ; Nintendo games for kids which make it exciting for them to stay as well.
Though stayed for 3 nights it was a wonderful experience to cherish for the rest of trip.
Everything was good and excellent.
This is a review of a first class hotel the InterContinental Chicago.
It 's located on Chicago 's famous magnificent mile near restaurants ; shopping ; entertainment ; and historic landmarks.
The service at the hotel is first class and the accommodations are unbeatable.
The hotel also features really fabulous amenities including a nice indoor swimming pool ; fine dining ; a 24 hour business center ; and valet parking.
This is a extra ordinary luxury hotel that will make your stay in Chicago a joy.
They offer a number of options on the rate and have a selection of package deals available.
Visit their website for a photo gallery and a virtual tour.
Recently I traveled to Chicago for business.
I was treated to a stay at the InterContinental Chicago by my employer.
It truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you.
I was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help.
I checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room.
My room was dripping with taste.
The stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered.
With a mini-bar ; large flat-screen television ; and an entire home office setup ; I barely had to leave the room.
Why would I want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city.
What an amazing experience I had and I will gladly come back.
We originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website ; read about their " romantic weekend getaway. " 
Having never been in the area before or stayed at an Ambassador Hotel we really did n't know what to expect ; but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be.
Upon arriving ; the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car ; unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic.
It only went downhill from there.
The bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we could n't figure out what it was.
We ended up getting a different room ; which was very mediocre.
Needless to say ; we wo n't be staying here again.
The rooms were beautiful ! The staff was friendly and helpful.
I love where the Conrad in Chicago was located ; it seemed to be close to a lot of places I wanted to visit.
Chicago was great ; and the Conrad Hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional ! For the price ; you would think this would be a top quality hotel ; but it was nowhere close.
Service at check-in was slow and unfriendly.
The room was even worse.
It was small ; dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though I had requested a non-smoking room.
The cover on the bed was stained ; there was hair all over the bathroom floor ; and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall.
Everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel.
I also did n't appreciate having to pay for wifi ; when other premium hotels offer it for free.
Overall ; this was one of the worst hotels I have stayed at in a long time ; and considering the price ; it was terrible.
I was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at Affinia Chicago ! When I arrived to check in ; my reservation that I had made ; ' and confirmed ; 2 weeks earlier ; was not in the computer.I had to wait 40 minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me.
The whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone ; while the office phone rang off the hook.
I had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room.I 'll never go back ; dont waste your money.
' Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel ; I travel a lot on business and consequently stay at a lot of different hotels.
Most are mediocre at best ; and I rarely bother to write a review ; but the Monaco was a cut above.
Nice ; big rooms ; well appointed ; and with a lot of attention to details like high thread-count linens ; authentic woodwork and upholstery ; marble counter tops ; plush carpets and tasteful artwork - gave my room just the right touch of luxury.
I was only in town one night ; but it was a warm evening so I was able to explore the area a little - lots of decent places to eat within an easy walk - no need to take my car out of the parking garage.
The only downside was that I was on one of the lower floors and the noise from the street was a little loud.
The next time I stay here ' and I will surely choose this hotel next time I 'm in Chicago ; I will make sure I get a room on one of the upper floors where I imagine the noise will be less intrusive.
Homewood Suites- I have to say ; I was n't too sure about staying at the Homewood Suites- I 've had problems with Hilton Hotels in the past.
However ; I was delightfully surpirsed by my weekend stay here.
The rooms were the nicest I 've ever stayed at ; nice and spacious yet cozy.
The staff was very helpful ; I 'm not very familiar with Chicago ; so the doorman gave me some recommendations of where to visit.
Not that I had to leave the hotel to enjoy myself- the pool was fantastic and the gym was very stae-of-the-art.
My only complaint was the noise from the streets below ; but that 's the price you pay to stay at a hotel so centrally located.
I ca n't wait to find an excuse to go back to Chicago so I can stay here again ! Conrad Chicago - The place looks very fancy and they want you to believe everything is perfect there.
It would seem that it 's actually not.
The Terrace restaurant is very pricey and has nothing really impressive about it.
The food was bland.
Although the room was okay ; the service was not.
They will charge you for every single service you ask ; explicitly expect a tip ; and last but not least will forget about the specifics of your requests.
Not something I was used to in this kind of Hotels.
I recently stayed in The James Hotel in Chicago and trust me I will never do it again.
When you pay a premium price you 'd expect first rate service.
Our whole experience was a disaster though short lived b 'c we could stay their another second.
When we arrived at the hotel we had to wait while the receptionist finished playing with her phone for service and then our room was not ready.
So we had to wait in the lobby with our baggage.
When we finally got to the room I would n't exactly call it clean but it was n't to bad.
The pictures on the website are nice enough but the furniture is falling apart and probably from Walmart.
There was plenty of space for an average person of 5 but I 'm 6 '4 " and the beds where smaller than what they said ; not to mention uncomfortable.
We ordered room service and not only did they bring us the wrong order but it took 2 hours.
There walls were also paper thin so we got little sleep.
The heater helped block out some noise until it stopped working in the middle of the night.
So the next morning ; sore from the uncomfortable bed ; hungry tired and cold we checked out before we even had our coffee.
Stay away ! we chose to stay at this hotel after talking to one of my friends and now i write to tell you we had an excellent stay at the talbott.the staff all very helpful and friendly but let me in particular mark mr tim the concierge who is so professional helpful.
and knowledgable.the hotel 's location is wonderful-ideal for touring business.
The only thing I do n't like is the hotel does n't have free wifi.
My husband and I visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon.
It 's a very nice hotel ; but the valet parking is very expensive ; $ 53.00 per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car.
The pool was very nice ; and the water was warm.
The front desk was very nice and helpful ; If I ever visited Chicago again I would stay there.
I want everyone to know about the awful experience I had at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
When we arrived at the hotel ; the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system ' I had called earlier in the day and confirmed it.
After speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked.
We later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically.
I believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money.
I for one wo n't be going back to this hotel ! Millenium-I traveled to Chicago for a business trip ; and I ended up staying at the Millenium.
The front desk was rude to me ; and it took me a good 15 minutes to check in.
Both the restaurant and bar are overpriced ; and the food is n't even that good for the price.
And even though I specifically asked for a room with a lake view ; I was given one that faced the city.
The room was average sized ; and the bathroom was n't anything impressive ; despite what everyone seems to be saying.
Would not visit again.
I was looking for an unique ; hip experience in a hotel that offered the convenient location of downtown Chicago.
My choice for hotel was obvious : Hard Rock Hotel Chicago.
If you are wondering whether Hard Rock Hotels are schmaltzy or cliche ; they are not.
Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is modern ; trendy and hip.
It had an air that this was where musicians came to rock among the 40 stories ; and there are details that you wo n't find elsewhere.
For example ; one interesting perk is some free iTunes downloads ' I got ten for guests.
It 's a fun place ; hosting events such as Jack Daniel 's 160th birthday.
James Chicago-I had a very relaxing stay at the James.
The hotel is in a prime location near the Millenium Park ; restaurants and the famous Mag Mile.
My room was very spacious with a cool ; hip design and a great skyline view.
The interior vibe ; from the lighting and the sleek woodtone ; was calming.
The bathroom was well-maintained and instant hot water and fresh toiletries were readily available.
They also provided pillow options and room plants on request and the bed was perfect.
I was pleasantly suprised to find chocolate treats placed on the bed after returning from a day of shopping.
I made full use of the fully equipped gym and liked that the restaurant had vegan options.
Overall I was impressed by the quality of service from the chauffeur-driven Audi for shopping to the food and exercise options and I look forward to my next visit ! I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Chicago.
My stay here was wonderful thanks to such a friendly staff.
I needed to do some research for work and the free Wi-Fi made this very easy.
The bed was so nice and soft ! Even the pillows were fluffy.
I was able to put my valuables in the in-room safe.
The local restaurants were amazing.
I will recommend this to my friends and I am staying here again in the future.
We recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business.
What an incredible experience ! Friends had stayed there years ago ; but when we showed them our photos ; they could n't believe the amazing renovations.
While we loved the modern decor and style ; our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms.
I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling ; so I was n't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room.
I have to say I felt great during our entire stay.
We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno.
What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel.
This hotel is truly beautiful ; everything you would expect from a high-end ; big city hotel.
Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park did n't disappoint us in any respect.
Our only disappointment ? We do n't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon ; but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future.
My husband and I stay at the Amalfi every year for our anniversary.
We just love it ! The service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly.
The hotel has very good cuisine options ; which are all very tasty ! The hotel is in close proximity to downtown and all the fun things going on there.
The rooms are very comfortable and quiet.
Perfect for relaxing ! Will definitely keep coming back ! Since this was our first visit to the " windy city ; " we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique.
We read many great reviews regarding the Kimpton brand so we gave it a go.
The " go " ended up being a " no go. " 
We were sorely disappointed.
When we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice.
We have two kids with us ; so we needed a crib for our 6 month baby.
We were told " no problem. " 
Unfortunately ; it took them about 1 or 2 hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next.
Then ; we noticed a bug ' or bugs near the fridge area.
Yikes ! We called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room ' or floor !.
Our request was met about 30 minutes later.
By this time ; we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions ; we almost wanted to throw the towel in.
Customer service was so lacking ! We wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city ; but had to wait around for our new room and the crib.
This is not what we expected at all for this HIGH price ! Will have to think hard before we book with a Kimpton hotel again.
I went to stay at this hotel last year.
I have got to say it was a great authentic experience ; the dining Restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff.
Its location could n't be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping.
Looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful.
It is very affordable.
I recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town.
http : 'www.swissotelchicago.com - My room was large ; clean ; and well furnished with a great view of the Chicago River.
The hotel was located in the heart of Chicago ; directly next to the Magnificent Mile.
However ; there was some city noise that was noticeable at night.
This did n't bother me ; and overall my stay was very pleasant.
If you have the money ; Amalfi Hotel is the place for you.
All the way from it 's 316 thread count ; Egyptian linens to the 24 hour fitness center.
This hotel has anything you would need or want.
The rooms are equipped with free wi-fi ; 32in plasma televisions ; multi-head showers and much ; much more.
You can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center ; which is equipped with computers free to your use.
After a long night at the bar ; you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor.
Over all the service is great as well.
I recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time.
I plan on coming back very soon.
A decent place to stay.
The people are nice enough ; yet the atmosphere was not what I was expecting.
The rooms were not very spacious ; nor welcoming.
So many places to eat ; yet the food was very pricey and average.
I would stay here again possibly ; but I feel like I could find a better option for a better price.
I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous ! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in.
The front desk is a work of art.
I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom.
The modern decor ; the beautiful artwork ; this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in.
The bathroom is like having your own personal spa ; all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time.
The rainfall showerhead is to die for people.
If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa.
Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa.
I wish I could have stayed longer ; next time I will be sure to add a couple of " me " days to my trip and I 'm sure I wo n't even think of going outside those doors.
When I first looked at the Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel 's website ; the hotel looked very pleasing and a great place for me to stay during my visit to Chicago.
The problems began when I called to make a reservation.
The woman who answered was very rude ; to say the least.
I had a few questions about the spa services.
She rushed through what sounded like she was reading through a brochure.
I decided that I should n't let one person ruin my experience with the hotel so I made a reservation and soon I was in Chicago.
The front desk service was very pleasant when I arrived ; and the room seemed clean ; other than the mysterious stain on my bedsheets.
I got dressed up and went down to the bar area for a drink and appetizers.
It took over thirty minutes for any worker to approach me for an order.
Yet two other parties that walked in after me were served right away.
I was baffled considering I was dressed nice and in a fairly good mood considering it was my first trip to Chicago.
Needless to say I will not be staying at this hotel again.
Conrad Chicago ?review I stayed at Deluxe suite in Conrad Chicago for one night with my mother.
I do appreciate its living room ; separate with the bedroom so that while my mom was watching TV I could do my stuff in the bedroom without being disturbed.
Through the window in the bedroom ; I was able to see a rather good city view ; especially the night view.
Rather good experience in this hotel This hotel is absolutely amazing.
I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return.
However ; here it 's comfortable ; friendly ; and a vacation.
In fact ; all vacations start with your lodging ; and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging ? The beds are comfortable ; clean ; and upscale ; while still being homey enough to be relaxed.
The services and staff are tops ; and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous ! And I must commend the cleanliness ! Nice place to stay ; and worth every penny ! Will definitely be coming back ! Fairmont Chicago - Last week ; conference of parties '13 took place in Chicago.
They invited me as the guest speaker ; provided accommodation at Fairmont Chicago and glad to see eco-friendly standards observed in the premises.
Aria restaurant ; Eno Wine Room are good enough to satiate desires and Grant Park is right infront of the hotel to burn the consumed calories.
Since ; it 's in the heart of the city ; lobby 's are a bit noisy but rooms are well equipped with noise-reduction stuff so that I prepared ppt 's peacefully without much disturbance.
Hoping them to provide the same accommodation for next year 's conference as well.
The location of this hotel was superb ! Our room was spacious and the view was spectacular.
The staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect.
One of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter.
We will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same.
The Amalfi Hotel has a beautiful website and interior decorating ; but that 's about it.
When my wife and I got here ; we were given keys to a room that had not even been cleaned ! The Internet access promised on the hotel 's website was down ; so I could n't catch up on any of the business I had intended to do ; and my wife thought that the dark design details in the room made her feel claustrophobic ; like she was sleeping inside a Salvador Dali painting.
All in all ; this hotel was not worth the money ; especially since we spent most of our time enjoying the city -- something more casual and comfortable would have been better ; and it would probably have been cleaner ; too ! The Hilton Chicago ; located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago ; has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time.
The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic ; but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards.
Lacking any form of fitness center ; the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout.
Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point ; and the outrageous parking fee of $ 43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination.
Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere ; meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites ; you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience.
My husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back.
I was n't particularly impressed with their customer service.
When we arrived to check in ; the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly.
She was short with me when I asked her about the city 's attractions and things to do.
Our room was n't all that great either.
It was rather small and had a weird smell to it.
I wo n't be staying here again.
Conrad Chicago is one of the nicer hotels I have had the pleasure of staying in recently.
The rooms were well furnished and brightly lit ; but not to the point of garishness.
The convenient location was a plus.
My stay at the Homewood Suites was absolutely one of my greatest stays away from home.
The locations right in the heart of downtown Chicago.
Within the River north shopping district.I love to shop so that was what i needed.
Magnificent 2 room layouts with kitchen.
The room was fully equipted with anything I needed ; nice Flat screen along with a breakfast buffet and a fantastic complimentary dinner and wine.
After dinner and wine I enjoyed the comfort of the heated indoor pool so relaxing.
I would recommend these suites to everyone I know.
The Affinia Manhattan is fantastic ! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister.
I loved the room.
It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in.
The view was incredible.
Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been.
The staff was very helpful as well.
They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful.
I would suggest this hotel to anybody ! Luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
Their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished I have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel ; and the 676 Lounge ; which has accommodating late hours ; was perfect for me to relax after a day of work.
The workout room is absolutely HUGE ; and each treadmill has its own TV to watch while working out - fantastic ! Overall ; my experience at the Omni was amazing.
I 'll definitely be coming back the next time I 'm in Chicago ! InterContinental Chicago - My husband and I spent quite a pleasant weekend in InterContinental Chicago last week ; which is the best of our experience ever.
InterContinental Chicago offers luxury accommodation and facilities.
When we arrived late on Friday ; the receptionist patiently helped us upgrade the room in the high floor and the doorman helped get our luggage situated warmly.
The prices are reasonable.
The room was extremely large and gorgeous : it offers a king-size bed ; soft mattress and comfortable pillows.
I had a really nice sleep in that bed.
In addition ; due to the convenient location ; it had a wonderful view of the downtown Chicago.
My husband and I asked for a bottle of red wine and enjoyed the beautiful night view of this prospective city.
The bathroom was neat and well stocked with towels ; toilet papers and soap ; etc.
It is such a wonderful place that we would definitely return to InterContinental Chicago when we visit Chicago again.
Great location in Chicago downtown.
The staff is professional and warm.
The room is spacious and clean.
Nice complimentartry breakfast.
I will definitely stay here again next time in Chicago.
Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park- " I stayed at Fairmont Chicago a week ago for vacation and I absolutely enjoyed my stay.
I got a room on 8th floor and the view of Lake Shore Drive and the lake was stunning.
A good part is that it is very close to downtown so you can leave your car behind and walk safely.
The rooms are spacious and clean.
I dined at Aria restaurant and the food is great ! ' a bit pricy though ! There are cheaper options available outside.
The staff was courteous and helping.
Would love to stay here again. " 
The rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected ; and that was my reason for booking a room.
I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past ; and I was quite pleased when I did stay.
The room was neat and clean ; and the halls were quiet at night.
The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either.
I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely ; which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy ; especially at night.
Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time.
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown- I went here on a long weekend that I expected to be relaxing ; but ended up being very disappointed.
The hotel has a nice location in the city ; but outside of that ; there were few positives.
The room looked as though it had barely been cleaned ; the water pressure in the shower was terrible ; and the complimentary breakfast was mainly runny eggs and cool pancakes.
The staff at the hotel seemed to pay very little attention to us ; and any requests we had.
Although the location of the hotel is great ; there are plenty of other nearby hotels with better food ; better service ; and nicer rooms.
I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful.
When I arrived my room was not ready.
Two hours later when it was finally cleaned ; I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son.
I asked for it again ; but they never brought it.
My mattress was uncomfortable ; and I did not like sharing it with my son.
The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room.
The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving ; and it too was bad.
There was cereal ; low quality yogurt ; and burnt flavorless muffins.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
The Palmer House Hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence.
The rooms are beautifully decorated ; with class and superior quality furniture.
The hotels restaurant " lockwood " consist 's of delicious French and Italian cuisine.
The location is in the prime area to downtown ; and shopping areas.
This hotel is suited for pristine guests ; and those who are not willing to settle for less.
If you 're looking for not just any stay ; but a stay in luxury ; you should give The Palmer House Hilton a try.
It is one of the best of the best in Chicago ; and your stay will be one to remember.
The Inter Continental is a great hotel.
The staff was very friendly ; and the accomidations were great.
The room was clean and ready on time ; and the indoor swimming pool was perfect considering Chicago 's weather.
Eno was simply AMAZING.
Their wine selection is second to none.
And the Turkey Pumpkin Curry at Zest was to die for.
I found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory.
They lure you in with a fancy website ; promising the world and more ; but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade.
The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match ; but when I received my room ' which by the way I could barely afford I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6.
They mention that they are " pet friendly " .
Let me tell you ; that is code for " smelly " .
There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking.
Would not stay again.
Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is one of the worst hotels I 've ever stayed at.
I travel a lot for my job ; and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for.
Four star hotel ? Yeah right ! I wish I could give it negative stars I do n't even know where to begin.
Normally with these reviews I try to outline the aspects that stood out ; but it 's just so overwhelmingly bad.
Anyhow ; here it goes : To begin with ; the customer service stank.
You think you 've seen rude service people before ? Well ; this is customer service stuff of nightmares.
I had a reservation ; but I still had to wait for 30 minutes ' yes ; I counted for someone just to pay attention to me.
When she did ; finally ; she was chewing gum.
No visible uniform or name tag.
Clearly did n't want to be here.
She took one glance at my reservation ; did n't enter anything into the computer at all ; and told me that they could n't accept it ; because the date had already passed.
WHAT ? The date for the reservation I had written down was ' that day. I was furious.
After a 20 minute shouting match ; and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry I could scream ; they finally ; grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer ; so that I could book my room.
Then ; there was the room itself.
On first glance ; it appeared clean ; but a closer inspection revealed : black mold on the bathroom ceiling ; a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking ' brown water ; a minibar which was picked at ; the remnants looking like they had been there for several years ; and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it.
The pillowcases also looked yellowed ; but I could n't decide if I was beginning to see things ; I was already so upset with the place.
After an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were ; apparently ; elephants ; I can easily say that I would NEVER go back to that hotel again.
Ever.
Not if somebody payed me.
Hyatt Regency Chicago I recently stayed in one of the Respire rooms of the Hyatt Regency in Chicago ; and I have to say that it lived up to its description.
My allergies are especially bad ; which makes my regular business trips into Chicago miserable affairs.
A couple of nights of good rest though 'which I never get anywhere else 'and I felt much better.
That the room was excellent on top of that was simply a cherry on top.
The room was comfortably and tastefully furnished and room service was some of the best I 've had and made it worth staying in.
I recommend the Hyatt 's Respire rooms to anyone who suffers from allergies like I do and needs the reprieve.
My wife and I stayed at Homewood Suites while on vacation.
We had a wonderful experience ; and could n't have been happier with our visit.
The location ; right in middle of downtown Chicago ; is perfect.
The hotel was spotlessly clean ; well maintained ; and had a great feel to it.
The staff were all very helpful and friendly.
We definitely plan to stay here again.
Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park - We stayed at Fairmont for 3 days and 2 nights and this was the most modern fashionable hotel I 've ever stayed.
We were really impressed with range of services they offered - valet and concierge ; ticket services for theater and sporting events ; baby-sitting service ; multi-lingual staff and even a foreign currency exchange inside hotel premises.
Our room included a 42 ?flat screen TV ; iPod docking station ; dressing area with a large closet ; high speed wireless Internet access and had a stunning view of the Chicago lakefront from our room.
We 'll recommend this hotel to all our family and friends.
The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City.
My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay.
The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I 've ever dealt with when traveling ; and valet parking is always a perk ! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel.
The bed was extremely comfortable ! There was cable TV ; of course ; and HBO was included ; so there was always something to watch.
Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online.
We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay ; and the food was fantastic ! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay ; but this one was worth going back to ! Overall ; it was an incredible stay ; and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we 're in Chicago ! My recent stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago could n't have gone worse.
Apart from the price of staying there and the slow response time of hotel staff I was totally let down by the food that could be found there.
There are many attractions in the area and indeed leaving the hotel is the best part of the experience.
HyattRegencyChicago-I was recently in town on business and my company made reservations at the Hyatt.
The rooms were comfortable without being extravagant ; and always kept clean and tidy.
The staff was quite attentive and friendly ; which is always nice to see ! The in-house food options were decent ' nothing special really ; but the cocktails at Big Bar were surprisingly delicious.
All in all I would love to stay again ; hopefully on a more relaxed schedule this time ! The Palmer House Hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there ! I stayed at this hotel on business and all I can say is WOW ! One of the main things that I liked about the hotel was the indoor pool ! I loved being able to go swimming even though it was December and 5 degrees outside ! Also ; the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings.
I dined at Lockwood Restaurant and Bar and the food was amazing for a hotel ! One thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog ; but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so I did n't have to deal with that ! All in all ; this hotel was fantastic and I look forward to the next time I get to stay here ! Do NOT stay at this hotel ! A friend and I booked a 3-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in Chicago.
Though it was a bit pricy ; we decided on the Knickerbocker because it was in a great location ; and the rooms looked large and well-kept.
Our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time.
However ; despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay ; when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an HOUR until we were allowed up to our room.
The concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us ; and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late.
To top it off ; the maid service was terrible.
The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed ; no vacuuming ; no fresh towels ; etc.
We did n't want to stay the third night ; but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee.
This hotel is way too much money for the services they provide ; you 'd be better off staying in a Motel 6.
Could n't have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago.
Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action ; allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown 's famous for.
The room was comfy ; with two queen mattresses ; down stuffed duvets and chic decor.
The bar downstairs was a bit pricey ; but made up for it by being comfortable ; sleek ; and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails.
One night we did n't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes ; which had an amazing array of choices ; mostly of the French persuasion.
I would definitely book here again ! I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in Chicago for 3 nights.
I must say ; I was NOT impressed.
This is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill.
To start with ; the hotel lobby was totally gaudy.
It had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and I guess was supposed to give an air of style.
The room was ok I suppose ; but certainly not worth the premium price I paid for it.
The hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing French cuisine ; but the food ; while arranged nicely ; tasted unremarkable and again ; was overpriced.
My final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible.
It is simply not worth it.
The Swissotel Chicago is a very mediocre hotel ; the service is always poor ; and the room service food always comes cold ; unless it 's supposed to be cold than it comes warm.
I would rather stay at a super 8 than this place again.
This was the best choice my husband and I could have chosen to visit ! The Hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water ! I was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym.
Everything was so clean and invoting.
Especially The Pump Room ; there was so much history in one rooom.
Overall ; we had a great ; relaxing vacation away from the kids.
I would definitely return to the Ambassador next time we 're in the area ! I stayed this hotel for 2 nights.
I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I 've seen.
Upon entering the building ; you can easily see that it is clean and high class.
The lobby was nice ; and everything seemed as it should be.
However ; as soon as I made it into my room ; it was completely different than everything previous to it.
It was dirty ; visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom.
The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I 've been to.
There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants.
When I called the front desk about these issues ; they sent someone up to fix it.
I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning ; they were still at it ! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors.
The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done.
As I was too tired ; I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead.
I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me.
' Hilton Chicago- We just back from our stay at the Hilton Chicago and I can not tell you just how much I wish we could have stayed there for another week at very least ! When we walked in the lobby my jaw dropped.
I had looked at photos online but the pictures can not do the high vaulted ceilings and attention to detail that went into this breathtaking entryway.
My husband and I were pleasantly surprised by the short line at check in and the nicest young man upgraded us to a lake view room with an utterly breathtaking view of lake Michigan.
The rest of our stay was a whirlwind of convenient walks to Grant Park ; the Shedd Aquarium ; and Millenium park.
My husband loved the workout facilities and our spacious room gave us a great home base from which to view Chicago.
The staff could not have been nicer.
We spent every night in Kitty O 'Sheas ; the Irish pub in the hotel.
I have to recommend the corned beef which is by far the tastiest I have ever encountered.
Overall an incredible trip ! One that we will always remember.
Thanks Hilton ! I recently had my wedding at the Omni Hotel in Chicago and I was more than pleased.
The decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one ; I was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once I met with the staff at the Omni I was certain that it was the way to go.
The staff was so attentive and friendly ; and I felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel.
I highly recommend the Omni Hotel in Chicago ; brides will not be dissapointed ! I recently had the misfortune of staying at the Swissotel Chicago hotel in Illinois ; and it was one of the worse travel experiences I have ever had ! First off the shuttle that was suppose to pick us up at the air port was late by over an hour ! Then when the bus finally came ; the driver was nice enough but it was clearly his first day on the job since he got lost going back to the hotel.
Finally when we got to the hotel they didn ; t seem to have our reservation for the 2nd room.
' my wife and I stay in one room ; our teenage girls usually stay in their own room. '
So after the very rude clerk at the corner did nothing to help us we were forced to pack into one room.
we would have rented another room but they had no vacancies left.
They hotel did have a large occupancy rate ; but that only slowed up everything else.
our room service was late almost everytime we ordered ; and the hotel restaurant never had a wait less then 45 mins.
The quality of the room was fair enough ; but it was almost impossible to get room service ; we could not get fresh towels for almost 2 days ! We were suppose to stay for a week ; we left after 4 days and found a different hotel to stay at.
I would not recommend this place to anyone ! stay away ! We enjoyed our stay at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago.
It was elegant ; classy ; and the service was impeccable.
It was very family friendly for us ; with the spacious rooms ; the kid 's room ; and the no smoking policy.
We were just a short walk away from shopping and entertainment and the whole family enjoyed the virtual city tour that helped us decide what we wanted to see.
The food was delicious and we did n't have to go outside the hotel to find good food.
When visiting Chicago again ; we will come back.
It was a luxurious experience at a reasonable price.
Linda Davies I would not stay at this hotel again.
The rooms had a fowl odor.
It seemed as though the carpets have never been cleaned.
The neighborhood was also less than desirable.
The housekeepers seemed to be snooping around while they were cleaning the rooms.
I will say that the front desk staff was friendly albeit slightly dimwitted.
Hi ; I had very bad experience with this hotel ; as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light.
the bed sheets were not properly cleaned.
Also the carpet was dirty though AC was working properly.
But i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me.
There was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom.
Please do not go to this hotel ; it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different.
I recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel ' Chicago Water Tower ; and I was quite disappointed.
I was excited by the great location ' on East Chestnut Street downtown ; but this was a mediocre hotel for the price $ 250 per night before taxes.
The view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters ; and yes ; the view of downtown in the distance was pretty ; but I was very disappointed.
The bedding seemed to be polyester ; not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately.
When I ordered room service at 10 : 30 ' on a Thursday night ; I had to wait for 55 minutes ; 20 minutes longer than I was quoted.
I ordered a salad ; and I thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long.
Overall ; I was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
I enjoyed a pleasant 2 night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago ; Il.
The hotel was beautiful ; inside and out.
I felt as if I was a celebrity staying there.
The staff was especially kind and very professional.
My husband and I have never felt more comfortable.
I was very pleased that they had transportation for us ; since we flew in to Chicago for our anniversary.
The Shedd Aquarium package was an excellent bonus.
I highly recommend this hotel to everyone that 's going to be visiting Chicago ! My wife and I stayed here and had a terrible experience.
After messing up our reservations ; the staff decided to blame us for the mistake.
The manager was extremely rude and highly incompetent ; and assigned us to a one-bedroom room after claiming that no more two-bedroom rooms were available.
Stay away from this hotel unless you want to have a terrible experience.
I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel.
They had nothing but nice things to say about it ! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs.
The rooms are decorated so nicely and they do n't have that funny hotel smell.
The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports.
If I 'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel ! I will never stay here again.
I was lured in by the hotel 's pictures showing a fabulous suite.
Instead I arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese.
I called the front desk to see if there was another room available.
I was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line.
I ended up going to the front desk myself.
I was ignored and not given assistance until I interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call.
The clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when I requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese.
I was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping.
Housekeeping sprayed some Febreeze on the couch and then left.
I tried to relax by turning on the TV in the bedroom.
I sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow.
I checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs.
I packed up my bags and left after that.
I did get a refund on the room after some complaining.
I went across town to the Marriott where I had a much better stay.
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown is a wonderful hotel.
The hotel is very elegant ; classy and only offers the best.
The hotel offers complimentary breakfast ; along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons.
The suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look.
This wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime.
I would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful ; yet comfortable hotel experience.
My husband and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of Sept. 17-18 ; 2011.
When we were planning our vacation ; we were impressed with the hotel.
The exterior is very lovely and we looked forward to enjoying the view from our room.
We first started to wonder if we 'd made the right choice when there was no one waiting to help us with our bags.
We had to carry our luggage up to our room ourselves as the hotel was in the middle of a shift change.
This seems like something a supposedly " world class " hotel should be able to avoid.
The good : Our room did have a nice view and when I sat down on the bed it was like sitting on a cloud.
The shower was very pleasant.
The bad : The room was very small and the bed was not the King size we had requested.
We felt very cramped and uncomfortable throughout our stay.
We have stayed at less luxurious hotels that were much more spacious and able to provide us with the requested size bed.
The restaurant options were acceptable ; although the service was not as excellent as described.
Perhaps we expected a miracle that would 've changed our minds about the hotel.
We were so disappointed by the room and the service at check-in the rest of the weekend was somewhat tainted.
We usually enjoy partaking of room service ; but we decided after a sub par first day we would eat out for the rest of the weekend.
Next time ; we will look into other hotels in the Chicago area.
Recently stayed at the InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile and was a little underwhelmed.
It 's convenient location did not compensate for the fact that the property is very old and definitely in need of some updating and renovating.
There is a definite need for some noise control -- everything and everybody could be heard from inside the room.
Hearing the plumbing from other guests rooms was particularly annoying.
The fitness facilities are really hyped but unfortunately they were not free to use ' at least it was n't included with my booking choice.
Parking was pretty expensive so if you really do n't need it ; do n't use it.
Overall ; just dissappointed that the great location was n't matched with great accommodations.
I arrived to find that my room was not ready ; despite it being past the 3pm check in time.
I was not offered any compensation for this ; or any real apology ; just shunted off to the side to wait it out.
This took a good hour and a half ; during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting.
Again ; no apologies ; just my card.
The room was adequately clean ' it had better be ... '
though sparsely furnished for the price.
It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot ; south coastal motels.
I encountered several problems with on site amenities ; both in room and out.
Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway ; even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors.
It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness.
After the abysmal ' lack of service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night ' I declined to try the room service ; unimpressed with every other offering so far.
I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips.
The Homewood Suites by Hilton ; in downtown Chicago ; has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city.
After asking the doorman ; I discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen.
The full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take ; as did the stove and LCD televisions.
This is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in Chicago.
It 's mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as $ 40 a night ; which is what I payed when I stayed there in September.
The atmosphere was warm and cozy ; and the staff were all very friendly and professional.
On a recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millemmium Park Hotel I was appalled at the service I received at such a supposedly high end hotel.
When I arrived I had to wait in the lobby for 15 minutes before someone came to the front desk to check me in.
Apparently the desk clerk was on a personal phone call with her boyfriend and just had to know where he was going and who he was with.
Finally I was given the key to my non-smoking room away from the vending area.
Much to my chagrin my room was right next to the vending area and I heard other guests going back and forth to the ice machine until nearly midnight.
And the room was obviously a room for smokers.
The blankets on the bed and the pillows reaked of cigarette smoke.
I ; of course complained ; but was told that was the only room available as they had booked every room for a conference but I was welcome to check out and go to another hotel.
After a fitfull night 's sleep I awoke to children running up and down the hallway.
Their parents were no where in sight.
My shower was cold and had no pressure.
I was given two towels one of which had not been laundered.
I could not wait to check out and informed the manager on duty of my complaints and told him I would not be recommending this hotel to anyone and would go online to write my review so anyone interested would see it.
I can not understand how such a highly rated hotel could be so far from the mark.
Allegro Chicago - I stayed in this hotel when I had to visit Chicago for a business meeting.
I would say that the hotel can be barely classified as a ' hotel.
It was more of a building with some lousy attempt to make it look good.
The rooms are pretty small and the hotel staff is not at all helping.
The valet parking is expensive.
Being right in the middle of the city makes the place noisy and also it is surrounded by tall buildings which spoil the view from the hotel.
It is not the worst place but there are better places to stay in Chicago for same money.
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was horrible.
The first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was OK to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they did n't even have a record of our reservation.
After much inappropriate arguing ; they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine.
When we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or TV.
It took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably.
The next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in.
A quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount.
We finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel ; the FancyPants Hotel and Suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club.
Overall ; the service at the Sofitel was rude ; rooms were unsatisfactory ; restaurant sub-par ; not well kept up or clean.
In the future I would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record ; like the FancyPants Hotel and suits ; my personal favorite.
I recently visited Chicago.
I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago.
First of all I did not enjoy the welcome as i checked in to the hotel.
My hotel price was off the roof and i only used it to sleep and eat breakfast.
The food served was not up to par I felt like it was a cheap " free " lunch.
My room was crowded and my waste baskets did not have bags in them.
My toilet paper row was half way finished when I checked in.
I felt that the house keepers gave us dirty looks as we went in and out of the room.
I did not feel safe ; I had to hide my valuables and I kept the " BUSY " sign on the door so no one would enter and take stuff.
The rooms did not appear as they do on their website ; it is actually the opposite.
Looked to me like a regular motel inn but I paid way more than I would have at an actual motel inn.
I did not appreciate that none of the electrical outlets worked and my phone was dead for my whole duration of the trip.
I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone.
I was completely unfamiliar with Chicago but needed a place to stay while my husband worked there for a few days and we picked the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based solely on their internet site.
Wow did I get lucky ! This is a beautiful hotel with all of amenities I could have hoped for ; terrific food ; and within walking distance of several interesting places ; including the Art Institute of Chicago.
Ashley ; at the concierge desk ; was particularly helpful at guiding a Chicago newbie to the best places to eat ands to see.
I will heartily recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
I had to go down to Chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin.
It was a sudden trip and I did n't even have the time to book a hotel before hand.
When I showed up in Chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel ; he took me to Omni Chicago Hotel.
I was impressed with how clean it was and they did n't have a problem with getting me a room even though I did n't have a reservation.
The staff was friendly to me the entire time I was in the hotel ; which was just a short two nights ; and the cleaning service was top notch.
The Amalfi Hotel has become my absolute favorite place to stay when I visit Chicago.
This place really knows how to treat their guests.
They serve a complimentary breakfast on every floor and even have iPod docking stations in the room ! If you want to watch a movie you can just borrow it from their collection.
I took advantage of the free wi-fi AND the plush bathrobes.
While I stayed there I had to try the spa services that were offered.
Wonderful experience ! The staff really made me feel comfortable during my stay and I will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to Chicago.
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower - We had a great stay at Sofitel during our family trip to Chicago.
The location was simply great.
Located in downtown Chicago ; it was very convenient to shops ; restaurants ; and subway stations.
The rooms were a good size and very clean.
Although it was kind of on the pricey side ; for the location and the comfortable stay ; we really could n't complain.
I would be happy to return next time I 'm in Chicago ! Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park - Here 's what you do n't want to hear when you walk into a Fairmont hotel at 11 : 00pm after a 10-hour flight : " I 'm sorry ; Ma 'am ; the hotel is overbooked.
The only rooms we still have available are in the smoking section. " 
Because apparently what a confirmed reservation and $ 300 'night will get you is blank stares and an " I 'm sorry ; Ma 'am ; that 's the best we can do at the moment. " .
So I took the room because I was so tired that all I wanted was to sink into a bed and deal with this in the morning.
Well ; I should have just gone to a different hotel because not only did the whole floor ; including my room ; reek so bad that I got an immediate headache ; but the room itself was so dingy that I can not understand how they manage to keep their prices up.
The carpet looked so old and gross that I decided to keep my shoes on just to be safe.
The furnishings look like they came out of my grandma 's attic.
The layout is so weird that every time you go to the bathroom you have to be careful not to walk right into a table corner.
The bathroom is small and cramped ; with a perfectly placed mirror to let you stare at yourself while sitting on the toilet.
The tap was perfect for having water splashed all over yourself while you 're brushing your teeth.
Great for when you want to take a shower ; because the shower itself WAS NOT WORKING ! Huh ; you 'd think this is something SOMEONE would have taken note of ; especially the cleaning staff if they really DID clean the shower after the previous customer ; which I now suspect they hadn 't.
I called downstairs and a surly concierge condescended to give me a room where at least the shower worked ' though still in the smoking section ; of course.
By the time I finally managed to fall asleep it was 4am and the cleaning staff promptly knocked on my door at 8am and waltzed right in ! I was so taken aback with the lack of professionalism ' and common sense ! of the staff ; the irresponsible overbooking from the management ; and the state of the rooms themselves that I will not be stopping here again.
Oh My ! More Like A Dank Museum Than A Four Star Hotel ! I read so many reviews on this hotel that I was sure my husband and I would n't be disappointed on spending our 10th Wedding Anniversary in the heart of Chicago at such a luxurious hotel ! All the reviews sounded great so I feel awkward writing this ; but I have to be fair - this place was a major disappointment.
While the location is superb ; the images online must have been taken over 10 years ago because all of the decor when we visited looked very old and faded.
I noticed dirt everywhere - the fabric on the furniture was stained ; the baseboards and woodwork were scratched and dirty and there seemed to be a smell of mold and mildew that permeated the entire hotel.
Even though the food was great ; the linens ; glassware and silverware were not sparkling - it sort of helped that candles were lit so I did n't focus too much on how dreary and washed out the dining facility was.
I did n't realize experiencing history would actually mean staying at a hotel that 's living in the past ! This was barely a two star hotel and I do not recommend staying here at all.
I stayed at the Monaco-Chicago back in April.
I was in town on business ; and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine.
Having spent a weekend there ; I have no idea what my friend was talking about.
The complimentary morning coffee was weak ; the fitness room was dimly lit ; and I thought I 'd have to have my clothes mailed back to me when I used their supposed " overnight " laundry service for a suit I spilled some wine on.
My room was adequate ; but nowhere near what I 've seen elsewhere at this price point.
Recent renovation must be slang for " everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive. " 
The mattress in my room was incredibly firm ; and I slept poorly.
When I travel ; I expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home.
At most hotels ; I receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations.
This was an exception to my usual ; and I wo n't be back anytime soon.
I recently made a business trip to Chicago ; in which I stayed at the downtown Fairmont hotel.
During my visit ; I had an aroma-harmony massage.
This experience greatly relieved my stress ; from all the business meetings I 'd had that day.
Candace worked wonders for my neck muscles ; especially.
This was the only amenity that I sought out ; during my trip.
My time was very limited.
However ; the entire staff at this hotel treated me as if I were a valued guest.
I 'll definately stay at this hotel again when I 'm in the area.
And ; I highly recommend the spa ! Intercontinental Chicago - I admit that I was a little hesitant about booking at Intercontinental Chicago in the first place after reading some bad reviews but that 's what makes me share my good experience.
I found this place quite comfortable and reasonable as far as price is concerned.
I mean you have the view of beautiful Michigan Avenue from your window ; the rooms are recently renovated ; spacious and clean ; the room service is prompt and the best part is the huge pool which my kids loved ! I would definitely stay here the next time I visit Chicago.
The James Chicago-This hotel is pretty bad and expensive.
I stayed in one of their guest rooms and it was too small to accommodate even one person comfortably.
The bed and floors were dirty ; and the shower leaked water everywhere because of a broken pipe.
I would not stay at the James again ; especially not at the price.
Oh my goodness ; this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown Chicago.
It all went well enough checking in ; but them went downhill.
There was so much left to be desired.
The biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet ; I kid you not ! I guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it ; I just do n't know.
But for the prices they charge ; this type of thing is unacceptable.
Most everything else about the actual room was as expected.
The noise was a bit more than I 'm used to though ; but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us.
So we asked to be moved to another room ; they did get us in another room ; but that took nearly 2 hours.
The second room worked out well for us ; but I wo n't be risking staying here again.
Plus the pool was not available ; I really wish they would have mentioned that on their website ; I was looking forward to it for days.
All in all ; it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location ; but they need to work on their customer service before I 'll reconsider staying at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.
I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago while on a business trip.
I have to say that I was very displeased with the service i received during my stay.
Even though their website boasts that their staff will be at your beck and call ; i found them to be very rude.
The beds were extremely uncomfortable and the noise level very high.
I was awakened by guests in the next room several times.
Even though I complained to the front desk ; they did not resolve the issue.
I definitely would not recommend this hotel and I will be staying at a different hotel if I am in the area again.
My experience as Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was horrible.
Me and my wife were on a road trip from New York and stopped had reservations for Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel.
We arrived at 12 : 00 AM and they did not have a non-smoking room available for which we booked ! My wife was pregnant at the time and the reception staff had no sympathy.
My wife could n't handle the smell of the room so I asked for a refund to go stay somewhere else.
They refused and were very rude and unhelpful.
We had to stay the night ; and the first thing next morning we did was leave and look for a different hotel.
I will never stay at this hotel again.
The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare ! When we got there our room was n't done ! We were not offered anything to do ; drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished.
The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone ! How rude ! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done.
And after waiting that long for the room ; can you believe it ? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom.
The television did n't work ; we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it.
Plus ; the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair.
I 'm so mad I 'm writing the owners and letting them know ! This really made me mad.
We have n't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs.
Even the concierge snickered at my boots ; so what ; I like to wear Doc Martens ! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont.
At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame.
James Chicago-A good hotel with friendly and cooperative staff.
It is in a prime location near many tourist attractions and restaurants.
The room design was modern and welcoming.But I was disappointed to find that the shower took a long time to heat up and that the wifi access was extremely slow.
Also ; the TV only had a few channels and had fuzzy connection.
While the bed was comfortable ; I was annoyed by the street noise at night ; thin room walls ; and the small closet space.
I was disheartened by the quality of the James.
The Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word ; dreadful.
The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic.
The service is terrible.
If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go ! Throughout a whole week ; beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned.
The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit ; they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago.
This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America.
Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
When my sister got married last summer ; our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful ! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco ; so it 's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax ! The kids ADORED the indoor pool ; Billy could n't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path ; and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day.
The reception dinner at Shula 's Steakhouse was fun and delicious.
I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit ! Hard Rock Hotel - I had the worst experience checking into the hotel ; the staff was rude and the first room I stayed at smelled heavily of smoke.
I had specifically requested a non-smoking room ; but they must have missed this.
Room quality was typical - everything you would expect and nothing special.
The linnen sheets were too thin and felt like low quality.
My biggest complaint was the noise - it was simply intollerable ! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago this past summer.
Needless to say we will not be returning ! The Hotel is very overpriced for what you get.
Upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had.
The bed was very uncomfortable and the " fully-stocked honor bar " was stocked with only a few choices.
The shower did not even work !We booked the King Suite with Jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi.
I would not recommend this place ! Swissotel Chicago - I just returned from a stay at the Swissotel Chicago and I have to say I was underwhelmed.
I had heard great things The Palm from friends ; but the several times that I went there I was greeted with terrible service and lackluster food at best.
Upon checking into my room ; the mini-refrigerator was not functioning properly ; so I called down to the front desk ; the staff could not seem any less interested in helping me if they tried ! Overall a very negative experience ; I would not stay here again.
This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel.
We had an amazing view of the city ; especially at night.
Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds.
There was a desk and chair ; large bathroom ; comfortable chair and reading lamp.
There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker ; that included Starbucks coffee.
We would definitely come back again ! Intercontinental Chicago Magnificent Mile - I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here ! My son has allergies ; so the option of their PURE room was really convenient and our room was very spacious.
The staff was courteous and accommodating ; they even provided ice pops for the kids when it was unseasonably hot one day.
We were on the 20th floor ; so we did n't hear much street noise either.
My one complaint was that the website did n't mention that the swimming pool was under construction for the whole summer ; I intended to make use of the facility and was disappointed that I couldn 't.
When I made my reservations at Softiel in Chicago ; I was expecting the ultimate in Luxury but Softiel failed to deliver.
Everything was just ok.
I do not spend money on a quality hotel for " just ok " .
If I want " just ok " I 'll check into the Days Inn ! First of all there were problems with our reservation.
I asked to have a room near the top floors and my room was actually only on the fifth floor ! The desk clerk was less than helpful to fix this.
I eventually got it fixed but I certainly did not feel at all like a valued guest during this process.
Later when I went down to ask for directions and information at the desk the clerk was very cold and abrupt with us.
The room was quite nice but the shower did not deliver adequate water pressure.
On the second day of our stay ; housekeeping did not refill our soaps or coffee.
They also failed to empty one of our wastebaskets.
Minor I know ; but when you 're paying for a luxury experience ; you kind of expect luxury ! The hotel itself was nice but the staff really do n't deliver.
I would not stay here again.
You can get a nice clean room at LaQuinta for 1 '4 the price and the staff is much more helpful.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is a wonderful hotel.
: Me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation ; and it could n't have been better ! The staff was very polite and helpful ; and the rooms were very clean ; and they had some of the best beds I 've ever slept on ! Not to mention the view was amazing ! If I had to rate this hotel I 'd definitely give it five star ; next time I 'm in town I will most definitely stay there again ! Palmer House A Hilton Hotel - The Palmer House is situated in a great location for exploring the city of Chicago.
Many of the city 's highlights were within walking distance.
I was able to take a nice stroll down to Grant Park from the hotel.
Not only were the surroundings a plus ; the Palmer House offered exceptional service.
My room was quite spacious and provided an excellent way to end my days in Chicago.
The Lockwood Restaurant prepared fresh local foods and the dinner was exquisite.
All in all ; the Palmer House was a great stay and I would definitely recommend coming here.
My stay at the Affinia last weekend was ideal and I ca n't wait to return.
I was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean ; lovely room near the shopping downtown.
Affinia fit the bill.
The location was perfect ; just one block from the magnificent mile.
The decor was modern and sleek ; and my room was impeccably clean.
They even have a pillow menu ! The price was pretty reasonable ; too.
I 'll definitely be back.
WARNING ! My stay at the Talbott Hotel will go down in history as one of my worst experiences staying in hotels.
I was excited for a weekend getaway with a few friends.
After receiving a few positive recommendations and looking at their website we decided to stay at the Talbott.
They were promoting up to $ 30 breakfast credit per day.
And breakfast is my favorite meal so this was already looking like a great time.
Upon our arrival we were greeted by an employee ' which we would n't have known had he not told us that was not only rude but made sexual advances at one of the ladies on our group.
Once we talked with a manager about the incident outside he assured us that he would take care of the issue and even upgraded us to King suites instead of the double size rooms we originally reserved.
If someone had blindfolded me and took me into one of these rooms I would have sworn we were at Motel 6 ; not a luxury hotel in Chicago.
The linens were stained ; room smelled of smoke and had another odor that was similar to old cat pee.
I was truly disgusted.
After a night out on the town we came back to our disgusting rooms to get some sleep.
The next morning I was excited for our breakfast that was highly recommended by the hotel and other guests.
I have to say it was one of the worst breakfasts I have ever eaten.
The toast was stale ; eggs were made from powder instead of real eggs ; and the juice they served was sour.
I would never recommend this as a place to stay.
I would suggest the Red Roof Inn over this place anytime.
If anyone is traveling to Chicago ; I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton.
I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel.
I had a guest room with a double bed.
At the first sight ; the room had perfect decor.
The double bed looked comfy and cozy.
It was n't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me.
Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay ; I did n't have time to wander around the town for food.
It was n't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks.
The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night.
I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks.
If you are just touring the city ; the hotel is quite close to parks ; museum ; and a lot of shopping places.
If you just need a place to stay ; the view from the hotel was pretty good as well.
Among all the hotels I have spent time in ; the Palmer House Hilton tops the list.
Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park -- The Fairmont Chicago hotel is quite nice.
I was impressed by the amount of sunlight my room received ' my room 's windows faced south.
A lot of hotels have well decorated rooms but without good lighting the room can still feel off ; but the Fairmont Chicago does not make this mistake.
I was disappointed by the provided moisturizer but I have sensitive skin so I brought my own just in case.
I liked the proximity of the hotel to the fantastic sushi restaurant down the street.
Overall this was quite the comfortable ' and delicious stay.
My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips.
I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work ' do n't worry- he likes when I return with little " souvenirs " for him ; too.
Aside from the lovely city of Chicago ; this hotel was just amazing ! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired ! The staff was genuine and friendly ; all while being professional and prompt.
We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room.
Too tired to really take it in ; we were in bed and asleep in minutes.
The beds were quite welcoming ! It was n't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel ! It 's gorgeous ! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated ! The lobby somehow did n't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before ; but it was just lovely ! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant.
Sushi is one of my husband 's favorites ; so he tends to be picky.
They passed the test according to him ! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well ...  everything tasted great and was of excellent quality.
Of our two night stay there ; the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels ' I use a lot of towels I suppose.
However ; a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones.
This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay ! Overall -- we 'd love to go there again ! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa ... 
' wink Hard Rock Chicago - We heard good reviews of this hotel online ; and so when we were going to Chicago for a week ; we decided it would be a nice place to stay.
Yes ; the rooms are nice ?beautiful even ?but for us it just was n't worth the price.
The place was loud ; which we probably should have expected given the theme ; but we were assured it would n't be an issue.
Still we could have gotten by that ; had we been made to feel at home.
The staff were cold and unfriendly ; and were often a disaster to deal with.
We would ask for stuff to be brought up to our room ; and it would take them close to three hours to finally bring it.
Link - http : 'www.omnihotels.com 'FindAHotel 'Chicago.aspx Hotel Name - Omni Hotels Negative Deception - First let me be honest - The employees were really humble and well trained.
However it all ended there.
The room I was offered had horrible vicinity.
There was a construction site right next to the room and there was noise all day in.
To add to the woes ; there were workers who could directly peep into my window all throughout the day.
The room was poorly maintained and the door of wardrobe fell off my hand when I tried hanging my coat.
However the staff was very helpful and cooperative and they fixed it as soon as I brought it to their notice.
The food was the biggest failure.
I had ordered a vegan dish and they messed my order and landed up serving us steak along with mashed potatoes.
I got my wife along with me who 's from Eastern part to show how good city Chicago is but it was a massive failure.
I would certainly not recommend this hotel to anyone who plans to visit Chicago.
Hotel Allegro - I recently had a business trip in Chicago and unfortunately stayed at the Hotel Allegro.
There was a clerk named Marie who was extremely rude at check-in.
When I wanted to switch rooms ; because the room did not resemble the room on the website ; they did not accommodate my needs.
The room was much smaller than anticipated ; with rumpled sheets and definitely not enough moisturizer.
The toilet also clogged very easily.
Although the evening wine hour was superb ; it did not make up for the other faults of the hotel ! I would not recommend a stay for any amount of time at Hotel Allegro.
I stayed in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend ; and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels.
The spacious rooms with modern ; innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small ; dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that I have found at other hotel chains.
The bathrooms were neat ; tidy ; and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper ; shampoo ; and soap.
The carpet was clean ' not stained and dingy like some hotels ; the room decor was astounding ; and the view from our window was wonderful.
I enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay ; from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out.
Thanks for making me feel right at home ! Talbott Hotel - Pricey ; inconvenient and a scam are all words I could use to describe my terrible time at the Talbott Hotel.
The service was slow ; and " Greg ; " the concierge goon obviously showed he did n't want to be there ; a feeling I can empathize with.
The room was plenty big but that means nothing when it is untidy and dirty.
When I first got there ; the linens were obviously discolored by acts of which I shall not speak.
The service was slow in responding ; so I went down to the market restaurant for a drink.
The restraunt itself was extremely cramped and the chairs were so close I was basically sticking my nose where it did not belong.
The food was mediocre ; the lemon taste was too sour and the ribs were drenched in disgusting barbeque sauce.
When my room was finally ready ; I realized how small the room really was.
The brown coloring on everything was so drab and boring.
The bathroom was suitable for a midget since it was so small.
All I can say is do not stay here unless you like bad service ; cramped rooms and terrible food.
The loud noises coming from all directions did not help either.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they 're staying in a Nice Hotel as soon as they enter the lobby.
In other words ; come here for the looks ; not the amenities.
They make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process ....  you know ; because a simple washing machine just is n't good enough.
To me ; this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being " rich " -- which most of them are not.
Meanwhile ; the hotel does n't even offer free wireless -- an essential feature for business travelers like me.
Obviously I 'm not the intended consumer ; though ; so I guess I should n't be surprised.
When I walked into the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel ; my first thought was ; " wow this is very yellow " ; and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day ; no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse.
my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in.
It was a Victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms.
i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms.
My husband and me reserved a room online for the Chicago Hilton.
We were looking for a quit few days away from home and work.
Unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for.
First of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos.
The floors looked like they have n't been cleaned in a while in the check in area.
The room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side.
The staff was horrible.
We had asked for a turn down service it was never received.
I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone.
Chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the Hilton.
This hotel is absolutely beautiful.
I is elegant ; comfortable and a very relaxing stay.
It was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping.
I felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty.
I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
I recently stayed in the Talbott Hotel in Chicago with my family of three.
I absolutely loved it and will definitely return ! The customer service of the staff at the front desk was fantastic.
They were very helpful in helping us decide on what activities to do and what restaurants to visit during our stay.
For the nights we did n't want to go out ; we had room service.
The food from the Hotel restaurant was so delicious and the service was very quick.
I also loved their commitment to the environment.
It is clear to me why they have won so many awards.
Thank you Talbott for a wonderful stay ! This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in.
I went there to see about scheduling my reception party ; and was amazed at the architecture of the building ; the interior design of the rooms ; and the massive spacing provided for each room.
Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club ; so that after the meetings ; we can partake in a nice meal and drinks.
Which brings me to my next point.
The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten ! The James Private Club ; I feel was made for the elite and upper class.
Very classy ; very elegant.
The customer service is outstanding.
I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception ; business meeting ; or just need to have a day at the spa. 5 stars all the way ! At the InterContinental Chicago ; you pay for more than a room.
You pay for an experience.
Let me elaborate.
I was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities.
Like any novice traveller to Chicago ; I saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs ; and those were originally what I set my sights on.
Price is a powerful signal ; and the sheer discount of those options drew me in.
But after doing a bit of research ; I realised that distance does have its costs.
The price of transit in the Chicagoland area is n't free.
And it 's far from what I 'm used to.
Car use is price prohibitive.
' I knew that originally ; which is why I was n't going to drive. '
But the sting of using the automobile ' parking ; congestion ; toll roads ; etc. ' gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental.
So ; I ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit.
But mass transit has its costs too ; which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages.
That 's what originally drew me to InterContinental.
But InterContinental is much more than the right room at the right place.
The decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable.
I was travelling on international business ; so the ease with which I could transact in foreign currency was a draw.
' They had a currency exchange right there on the premises. '
And the fact that massages ; dry cleaning ; and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus.
My work gets me tied up in knots.
It also leaves little time for doing chores.
So the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me.
But ; on top of all that ; the event planning was what put InterContinental over the top.
Being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of Chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders -- and something I wo n't forget.
In the end ; if you 're a newcomer to Chicago staying in a time-crunch ; the InterContinental is for you.
The pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive ; but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs ; it 's nothing in the end.
And the InterContinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options ; it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be.
My husband and I stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend.
It was far from that ! We could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain ; the person who answered the phone was extremely rude ! We were unable to relax at all ! Also ; the room was not very clean ; there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock.
We will not be returning to this awful place ! I recently stayed at The James during a business trip to Chicago and I would certainly recommend it.
The hotel is well located in downtown ; only a few blocks from millenium park and other attractions.
The room was very nice ; with a soft bed and plenty of windows and natural light.
I also had the opportunity to use the Gym ; which was well equipped and had even an instructor which gave me some tips.
I was n't too impressed by the restaurant though.
Food was rather boring and the place very pretentious.
Nevertheless ; price was fair for a hotel of its class and staff were helpful and very competent.
Although much too overpriced in my opinion ; the hotel is spotless.
The staff was very courteous.
And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary The InterContinental Chicago is conveniently located near MIdway airport so the commute was short and easy.
The room had a great view of a lake.
Room service was available 24 hours a day and the room came with a coffeemaker where you got complimentary coffee and tea which was great I did not have to go out for my morning cup of coffee.
There was a business center that had internet ; fax machines ; and copy machines that was available for use 24 hours a day.
One of my favorite things was the fitness center which had masseurs ; it was exactly what I needed ; very relaxing.
The food at the Eno was some of the best I ever ate especially the chocolate ; I never wanted to leave.
This was a great hotel experience and I would stay there again.
The Hotel Monaco Chicago was a great hotel.
The rooms were very nice ; great customer service.
Every member of the staff was extremely nice.
I liked that it was pet friendly ; and you could n't even tell they allowed pets.
Very clean.
Prompt service when requested ; and the food was very tasty ! An A in my book ; the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel.
Very immaculate.
Will definitely stay there again the next time I visit Chicago.
My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met.
After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel 's website ; I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend.
After a long flight into Chicago ; we were so ready to check in ; shower ; and lay down in our hotel room.
However ; once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation.
I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied.
She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting.
We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door.
I 'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel.
Pleasant staff and housekeeping.
Above average breakfast.
The rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens.
It was bedbug free ! I would definitely stay there again.
The Ambassador East Hotel Hello my current visit to the Ambassador East Hotel.
I really enjoy my 3 day weekend stay at this Hotel.
This was my first time at the hotel and I reserved a king size suite.
Inside my room there was nice view of Chicago 's Gold Coast.
I really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation.
I could easily relax on my king size bed.
I watch HBO on a enormous size flat screen TV for free.
Also when I did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem.
It so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room.
After finishing my work I have time to check the complimentary fitness room.
Lastly I left the next day ; I had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their Pump Room restaurant.
Overall the Ambassador East Hotel is a 5 out 5 hotel and really worth the stay.
Eww ! What a sickening affair ; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong.
I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms.
I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee ... 
I stayed in Chicago for a week ; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night ! I was here on business so I needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that I could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till 3 am.
This was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than I expected and the staff were not very friendly.
The person at the front desk had no personality ; did not even welcome me to the hotel.
All in all I do n't think I will be back.
After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago ; I left the city with an empty pocket book.
I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific ; i did n't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus.
I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu.
When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money ? I basically felt overcharged for the so called ' extras included in the package i purchased.
One other thing ; the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler.
This hotel is beautiful ; it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it.
The location is wonderful ; it is close to magnificent mile and the Navy pier ; which was a great place to show the children on our vacation.
We had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car ; and the valet was very nice and helpful.
I also take my work with me everywhere I go ; So the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus.
They have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing.
This place is great for the price ; due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is.
This is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay.
Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago ?I have stayed there for 3 days last week and ; looking for something better than usual ; I have paid for the Superior Room.
It was a bad choice.
The room smelled bad and the TV 's remote control was broken.
Also ; the maid woke me up in one of the days ; even with a sign saying not to disturb me outside the door.
I 'll never come back to this hotel and I would n't recommend it to anyone.
My recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable.
My visit began on the wrong foot when they could n't locate my reservation.
I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they could n't find me " in the system " .
We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over.
That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations.
The room that I had originally reserved ' King was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room.
I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service.
It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive.
When finally delivered ; it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it.
So now I am cranky ; tired and starving ! I ate what I could from the mini bar ' poor selection of items and went to bed.
The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it ; as if someone had smoked in it.
The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms.
The woman at the front desk could n't be bothered with me and did n't try to make things right in any way.
I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago.
I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again.
The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in.
The second you step into the place ; it takes your breath away.
It 's very modern with an antique twist.
The rooms are spacious and comfortable.
They are clean.
Every member of the staff was courteous and polite.
Proud of their place of work.
Happy to be there.
You do n't often see that.
The room service was phenomenal.
Visiting Chicago was amazing ; and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better.
The luxurious pools were an added plus as well.
I also enjoyed the gym facilities.
I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit.
Sheraton Chicago - I recently stayed 4 nights at the Sheraton for a business trip ; and I must say that it is among the nicest hotels that I have ever stayed at.
Although the room I stayed in did not have a spectacular view ; it was very clean and cozy so I was completely satisfied.
The bathroom was beautifully decorated ; and the room very spacious : there was plenty of storage room in the closet as well as workspace on the two tables.
We had a company dinner at Shula 's Steakhouse downstairs ; and the food was delicious ; definitely deserving of the Top 10 Steakhouses in America award.
What was also convenient was the fact that there is a FedEx office in the hotel ; so when my wife overnighted an important document I had forgotten at home ; the hotel had it delivered right to my room.
Overall ; it was a great experience and I would definitely recommend the Sheraton for anyone spending time in central Chicago.
You made Chicago a wonderful stay ! The room was gorgeous ! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed ; I did n't even have to ask ! Thank you so much ; I will be back ! Very tidy room as well ! Everything experienced at this hotel was grand.
The hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing.
From the moment you walk into The Palmer House ; you are greeted by friendly helpful staff.
The rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked.
Comfortable beds ; amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of Chicago.
If you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city ; i would definately recommend you stay here.
Experience Chicago like never before.
Upon arrival at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago ; I was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff.
From the moment we checked-in until we left ; the staff ; from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating.
Since we had our two daughters with us ; we booked the traditional double room.
The room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too.
It had plenty of room for the four of us -- or should I say five of us.
The girls did not want to leave home without ChiChi ; our teacup Chihuahua.
Fortunately ; the Amabassador East allows small pets ' with a pet waiver.
That made everybody happy ! The location is great as well.
Conviently located.
Easy to get to from Lakeshore Drive.
Close to the museums.
I 'm looking forward to my next visit to Chicago.
I 'll be staying here again ! Millennium- I stayed at the Millennium in Chicago last month for three nights.
I 've never had a better hotel experience ! Everything from the room service to the hotel bar was perfect.
The only thing complaint I can think about is that sometimes in the morning the maid service would be too loud in the hallway and wake me up.
All in all ; my stay in the Millennium was great ! Anyone who 's looking for an affordable stay in a luxury hotel should definitely check out the Millennium.
My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience.
That was the farthest thing from the truth.
The staff was very rude and unhelpful.
The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff.
Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over.
So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room.
As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest.
My wife went to the bathroom ; and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor.
That was just the beginning of our bad stay.
After being in the room for about 30 minutes ; there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police.
There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room ! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched.
There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched.
Come to find out after video surveillance ; the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana.
Needless to say ; our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place.
I had never been to Chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference.
My company had arranged for me to stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel located in the center of the Magnificent Mile.
Once I arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over ; I was pleased but not impressed.
Once I put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation.
I was told that my room was not ready yet and that there 'd be an hour delay.
I tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if I could have another room.
I was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled.
I would have left ; but my company had a account at this hotel.
If I stayed somewhere else ; I 'd have to pay out of pocket.
The service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker.
I picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled.
The leg in front on the left side was broken.
I picked up my luggage and moved to another chair.
Two hours passed by before I was given my room.
When I walked into the room the first thing I smelled was cigarette smoke.
I was mad because I explicitly asked for a " non-smoking " room.
I was furious.
I did n't feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and I was tried from my long flight.
I sighed ; tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room.
I thought maybe I could use the air conditioning to freshen the room.
When I went to turn it on ; it did n't work.
Tired and angry ; I went to sleep ; thinking I 'll never stay at this hotel again.
Terrible experience ; I will not stay here again.
The walls were so thin that I was kept up all night by the party going on in the suite next to mine.
I talked to the management several times ; but nothing was done.
It may just be the people that I had contact with ; but I thought the staff was standoffish and rude.
Very unpleasant experience ; especially given the cost of staying here ! ' rtf1 'ansi 'ansicpg1252 'cocoartf1038 'cocoasubrtf360 ' fonttbl 'f0 'fswiss 'fcharset0 Helvetica ; ' colortbl ; 'red255 'green255 'blue255 ; ' margl1440 'margr1440 'vieww9000 'viewh8400 'viewkind0 ' pard 'tx720 'tx1440 'tx2160 'tx2880 'tx3600 'tx4320 'tx5040 'tx5760 'tx6480 'tx7200 'tx7920 'tx8640 'ql 'qnatural 'pardirnatural ' f0 'fs24 ' cf0 Homewood Suites- I stayed here for the first time years ago and I remembered it being a decent place.
When checking it out before booking my reservation ; I could tell that it had changed ; but I completely underestimated how much.
The hotel was completely renovated in 2010.
This renovation seemed to do nothing more than act as an excuse to raise the prices.
The rooms are EXACTLY the same.
There is still the same subpar restaurant in the lobby.
So why am I paying 50 % more than last time I was here ? Even worse ; the gym has been downgraded.
I 'm the type of person who needs to exercise everyday ; even on vacation.
Three treadmills and a rack of weights is not a gym ! The pictures on the website with regard to this " gym " are completely misleading.
Look ; if this place marketed itself as a 3 star hotel ' AND the price reflected it ; then perhaps my stay would have been adequate.
But I ca n't forgive the false advertising and general snotty atmosphere from what is really no better than any 3 star hotel.
Save some money ; stay in the Holiday Inn.
Or if you really want a luxurious experience ; look elsewhere.
 I truly enjoyed my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
We stayed in a suite ; which was clean and extremely nice ; at a very reasonable rate.
My husband and I spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool ; but personally I preferred laying out on the sundeck.
Service was excellent ; they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly.
I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown Chicago area.
Conrad Chicago it was 5 : 00 AM my plan just flew in and I was tired I checked myself into the Confad Chicago when I first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but I got my room in the 5th level of then as I dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand I entered it then that 's where I started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small AC 'heater unit and it was good.
Then out of no where Ting I made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel I found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob I was living in paradise after I got into my room it was a perfect ! The room was a perfect 68 degrees.
I was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was ...  perfect ! And it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when I did n't think it could get any better I look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold ! The water actually has a good taste to it like grapes I was so shocked I fell uncontentious I was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then I woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there ! I when t back up into my floor and guess what I say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge Olympic sized swimming pool It was great.
I got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all I do n't think I can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much.
Then came dinner time perfect.
I must say I am extremely satisfied with my visit ! Time to fly back to where I cam from and then my plan took off i 'm going to miss that hotel 10 '10 ! Imagine flying to the windy city for business.
After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel ; the much-hyped Conrad.
You 've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window.
That 's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride.
That 's the opposite of how it turned out.
I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone.
I approached and they did n't even hang up.
They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown.
I do n't care.
It 's late.
I have meetings the next day.
I try to check in and they say they ca n't find my reservation.
This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me ! Finally ; they check me in and do n't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags.
This is n't a cheap room.
It 's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect.
I get to my room and I open the door and it 's someone else 's room ! Somehow they 've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person 's room.
Worse yet ; the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room.
I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room.
Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow.
Seriously ? How can the maid not notice.
The bed was made.
Someone must 've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows.
This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay.
Needless to say ; neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago.
I was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago.
I had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel.
The initial impression was that the desk clerk thought I was lucky that he was waiting on me.
I had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though I was bothering him.
I was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter.
On the plus side the room was lovely ; but when I called for room service at 9 : 30pm I was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until 10pm.
I decided to go out rather than fight the issue.
The next day the tone was the same at the pool ; the bar ; the restaurant etc.
The staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do.
The only exception was the housekeeping staff.
I called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in 10 minutes and made to ask if there was anything else I needed before leaving.
The bottom line is that I booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it.
Even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location ; the atmosphere was not inviting.
I 'd rather go somewhere where I felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that did n't seem to care that I was there.
Conrad Chicago - After reading the reviews on this hotel ; I decided to book my stay on last weekend of March this year.
For the rate of $ 245 per night ; it is a really good value.
The deluxe room was Spanning 400 sq. ft. with complimentary in-room internet access and a king size bed.
It had a 42-inch flat-screen television ; surround sound system ; iPod alarm clock with charging 'docking station ; in-room electronic safe ; executive desk and cooling unit.
The room also features a bathroom with granite accents ; glass shower ; deep soaking bath tub and separate water closet.
Very pleasant front staff ; complimentary breakfast everyday ; all the 3 dining services in the terrace were exceptional and good wine in the 5th floor lobby.
This hotel is situated very close to many sight seeing places of the city.
Would certainly recommend this hotel and looking forward to staying here again.
Having come to Chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days ; the Hotel Allegro Chicago filled every bit of my checklist.
We arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms ; we both had the " double double deluxe " .
The rooms were gorgeous ; well taken care of ; clean ; comfortable ; well decorated and luxurious.
The hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we did n't even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day.
The hotel has great staff ; they were always attentive to our needs.
My favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - I am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great ! Stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of Chicago 's hustle and bustle ! We stayed at the beautiful Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel located in scenic downtown Chicago.
It was close to shopping ; local attractions like the Shedd Aquarium and even the Navy Pier.
The hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages ; which I took advantage of as any woman ' or man should ! A continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee ; unless purchased with a package deal ; in their own upscale restaurant ; Nix ! We would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family ! My recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was everything I desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in Chicago.
I loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a 42 inch flat screen television and iPod docking station.
I appreciated the walking distance to all of Chicago 's premiere shopping areas.
The concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations ; while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service.
The services I received at at mySpa were some of the best in the world.
Dinner at aria restaurant was delicious.
In short ; Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect luxury vacation ; meeting all my needs and more ! Extremely disappointed in our stay.
This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online.
I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be ; only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for.
The room smelled musty and not clean.
Garbage was not changed from prior person.
Found small ants in bathroom near shower.
Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray.
Overall this hotel is in a great location ; but we would never visit again.
Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown- I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend and really enjoyed it.
The food was great ; especially the complimentary breakfast ; with a great variety of options.
The location was perfect for sight seeing in Chicago as the Navy Pier and Michigan Ave was just a short walk away.
The staff at the hotel was all extremely friendly and helped me with all my requests ; including getting extra towels for the bathroom.
The room was clean ; neat ; and had a nice view of the lake.
I would stay here again on my next visit to Chicago.
Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park - Do n't be fooled by the low price and large rooms ; you can get much better for this price.
I booked a room through priceline for $ 252 a night ; but they charge for everything.
Parking ? $ 51 'night.
Internet ? $ 15.25 'night.
It adds up fast.
The room was n't so much bad as it was n't good.
The lobby decor was classy ; but the room itself was uninspired.
It was the same chairs and drapes you see everywhere ; but a bit worse for the wear.
The coffee table by the bed was wobbly ' enough that you would n't want to set a drink down on it ; and the couch under the window was lacking cushioning ' it felt like you were sitting on a wood beam.
Annoyingly ; you can hear your neighbors through the walls.
I had a wonderful time at the James Hotel while on business in Chicago.
The rooms are modern ; tasteful and well-kept ; while the staff was responsive and efficient.
This was the perfect place to unwind after working all day ; but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work.
The Hyatt Regency in Chicago was a wonderful experience for my husband and I as we traveled through the area on vacation.
After checking in we simply relaxed in the beautiful atrium for a while before going to our room.
To our delight the room was very clean ; ultra-modern and furnished with sleek and comfortable furniture.
What really impressed us about the room was how spacious it was and the stunning river front views.
We were pressed for time to make dinner so decided the Bistro sounded like the best option and it turned out to be a great choice ! The food was simply fabulous.
After dinner we were able to try out the fitness center ; which ended up making our gym at home seem inadequate.
This was just what we needed as a restful base for our Chicago vacation and we will definitely stay here again.
I loved staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago ; not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere ; but they give me the option to bring my pet with me.
They are a dog friendly hotel ; it costs $ 55.00 a night for the dog to stay with you ; but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you.
I loved this option.
They also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats ; food ; bowls and doggy clean up bags.
I higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel.
I really had high hopes for Homewood Suites when I stayed there on a week-long business trip last month.
After all ; considering their prices ' it 's technically a Hilton ; you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel.
I 'll start with the good stuff about the hotel : it 's in downtown.
Now for the bad stuff : first ; everyone is rude.
I 'm not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp.
The bellboy scowled at me in the lobby ; was rough with my luggage ; and then scowled at me again when I tipped him $ 5.
Likewise ; the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head.
She had to call her supervisor over ' twice just to check me in ; and I had a reservation ! Apparently she was new ; and did n't have much experience using the computer ; but that 's no excuse : it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into 15 minutes of tedium.
Sadly ; the room was no better than the service.
The hot water in the sink did not work ; the shower was only lukewarm ; and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink.
Complimentary mood lighting ; I guess.
The TV was a bust ; sure it was an LCD ; but the ESPN logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel.
And to top it all off ; the bed smelled funny.
I called the front desk ' at least the phone worked ; and asked for fresh sheets.
The person I talked to said they 'd be right up ; but never came.
Eventually ; I gave up.
I woke up the next morning to back pain ' the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow.
I left the room ; and made my way through the chilly hallways to the " complimentary buffet. " 
Literally all the food was bad.
Even the cereal tasted stale.
Looking around ; everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience.
The sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel.
Just plain sad.
Worst part was ; it was the same thing for the next four days ; too.
During my stay at the Hilton Chicago it has been quite unpleasant.
How so you might ask ? Well ill tell you ; the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible I mean they were n't even at the desk when I checked in.
Also ; When I ordered my breakfast ; lunch ; and dinner from room service I received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch.
Finally ; The bill was charging me for stuff I did n't want or ask for.
But overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others.
I give it a half a star.
I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again.
The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting.
The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair.
The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room.
In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room.
I felt rushed out at check out and did n't have an enjoyable experience at all.
Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park - My stay at Fairmont during my last visit was not a pleasing one.
This was the place where furniture goes before anything else.
The only good thing about hotel was its good location.
The wallpaper was coming off the wall.
The table lamp in our room had no bulb in it.
When we called room service to get us one ; we had to wait for half an hour before we finally got some light in the room.
The service stinks and so do the rooms.
I am NEVER EVER going back to this place.
Recently staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel ; was a waste of money.
The rooms are typical standard rooms ; 'unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms ; the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless ; your ideal ; idea of service is waiting in the lobby for 40 minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room.
Sorry to say in short I think my money would have been better spent staying at a HoJo 's.
I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago ; and it was one of the worst experiences I 've ever had at a high-end hotel.
I was in Chicago for a conference ; and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to ; but this hotel definitely was n't that place.
The restaurants were mediocre at best ; despite their high prices ; I repeatedly got food that was bland ; overcooked ; or lukewarm.
The room was fine ; but nothing special ; I think I 'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago.
A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel ; though ; was with their Jet Set Pets program ; it 's hard to find a decent ; relaxing hotel that I 'll like that will also accept my dog.
But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt ; who is energetic and loves people but is n't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he 's got that terrier look.
Multiple people mocked him ; or said there was no point grooming him ; or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room.
I know that it 's a fairly high-end hotel ; but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs.
I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well.
The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory ; especially for the price.
I can give them good marks on their spa services ; and I really appreciated the pillow " menu ; " but other than that it did n't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience ; especially given the customer service.
Not worth the price ! I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the Hilton Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago.
I stayed there with my family while we were on vacation.
I wish I would have saved my money and went somewhere else.
With a hotel this expensive ; you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way ; like complimentary parking.
Not a chance.
In addition to the $ 259 price tag ; I also had to pay $ 30 for parking ; per night.
If I had stayed at the Motel 6 ; parking would have been free.
The staff there were not very nice at all.
When I registered ; the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time.
She was very rude to me.
Perhaps she was having a bad day or something ; but I doubt it.
After I arrived in my room ; my key card did n't work ; and I had to go back downstairs to get it fixed ' once again ; interrupting her precious free time with some actual work.
The rooms had some nice features ; like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television.
I did n't go on vacation to cook though.
The television did n't get very many channels ; and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies ' of course.
I tried logging into Facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room ; but the " complimentary " internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using.
I get a better connection at Starbucks.
They offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast ; but it 's nothing to write home about.
I 've had better food at McDonald 's.
The food was pretty cold ; and the choices are very limited.
Traffic around the hotel was hideous.
This hotel is downtown ; and you can definitely tell.
There are a bunch of one-way streets around ; which makes getting in and out confusing.
The room was pretty clean ; but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges.
If you 're looking for a hotel in Chicago ; I 'd say save some money and go somewhere else.
I 've had better stays at the Best Western and many other hotels that cost less.
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago during Labor day weekend ; huge mistake ! When I got to my room everything seemed okay ; Until I went into the bathroom.
There was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard I turned the knob ; it would not stop.
There was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper.
It also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as I saw a wad of hair ; and scraps of tissue behind the bowl.
I called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it.
While I was waiting I turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there ....  the a.c. started blowing out hot ; musky air and had the room smelling horrible.
I made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room.
They told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator.
I was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip I was hearing I had no choice but to take it.
When I moved to the new room ; there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on.
Front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally 2 hours later ; I was able to relax and settle in.
Hard Rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason ; I will not be staying there again.
Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park - I attended a conference held at this hotel and also stayed here for 3 nights.
If you 're going to be stuck in a hotel for a few days ; this one is not too shabby.
Clean ; spacious rooms ; bathrooms do n't feel cramped ; and the bed --- pretty comfortable.
I slept really well and woke up easily to a very bright room.
I love big windows and morning light ; and my corner room had all of these.
I only wish the hotel had a pool because I missed my late-night swims.
Otherwise ; ca n't complain.
Good location ; prompt service and nice decor.
I recommend a room on a higher floor ; it 's quieter and has better views.
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL ! I made my reservation early and got there on time ; but the receptionist claimed that my room was occupied ! I guess it was some kind of glitch in the system ; but for a frequent business traveller like me this is absolutely unacceptable.
I argued with the receptionist for a good half-hour and finally she was able to bring up my original reservation.
Despite this ; it took me another half-hour to convince her ' and the manager ! to give me a different room ; since I had nowhere else to stay.
Finally ; I get a key to a room they had on reserve ' I guess that 's how this whole thing started ; huh ! So I make my way to the 5th floor.
I find what is supposed to be my new room.
I open the door.
Get on the floor.
Everybody do the dinosaur.
Allegro Chicago - First off ; I 'd like to say that the Allegro is a fine hotel and you would n't be doing wrong by staying there.
However ; with all the great hotels in the Chicago area ; you could certainly do better.
The Allegro has all the amenities you 'd expect from a 4 star hotel ; and the price is nice ; but as they say " The devil is in the details " and its these details that Allegro fails to measure up to its competitors in.
First of all ; the Allegro does n't provide an airport shuttle ; which is a convenience a tourist really should n't have to do without ; especially at a 4 star hotel.
I stayed in a King Premier room and while the room itself was of decent size ; the bathroom was quite small.
I also did n't like the blue and gold decor theme they had going on ; but that really is just personal taste.
To be fair ; my stay there was pleasant ; and really a hotel mainly exists to serve as a place to rest when visiting somewhere ; but for around the same amount of money ; you could do much better.
The Hilton Chicago was amazing ! It is close to almost everything that Chicago has to offer ! We could walk to Lake Michigan ; Grant Park ; Niketown ; Watertower place ; etc.
The rooms were very nice and refreshed every day.
Also ; they allow pets ! You do n't have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there ! Overall experience was an A.
The atmosphere at the Talbott Hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in.
The employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive.
The hotel seems to be luxurious ; even from the lobby ; and right away ; I was very excited for my stay ! I stayed in a double queen room with my friend.
The room is spacious enough ; and beds are very comfortable.
I did n't try the room service ; but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa ; which is very convenient.
I also love how the room has individual climate controls ! Very neat ! Also handy that there is an iHome in the room.
I 'm usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels.
I will most likely stay in this hotel another time.
It was a wonderful experience ! I have to agree that the InterContinental Chicago is a nice hotel from the outside.
But it is not a nice place to stay if you are planning to visit Chicago.
The ambience of the hotel looks bland and they also have the same amenities as other cheaper hotels.
You can get an excellent dining experience somewhere for less.
The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel.
There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms ; Lakeside view or suites.
It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill.
You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return ! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff.
The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap.
Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere.
This hotel was everything we were looking for.
My mom and I were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out.
The Talbott Hotel was incredible.
The rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed.
The hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome ! They even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area.
Highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago ! My husband and I arrived at the Swissotel Chicago to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary.
We automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel 's brochure intrigued us.
Boy were wee wrong ! Upon arrival ' at the given and advertised check-in time our room was not ready.
We waited for more than an hour ; with our bags in hand.
We checked more than twice to see if the room was ready ; but the staff was less than " warm " both times.
After a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels lobby ; tired and finally arriving to our room ; we expected to take a nap and hit the city.
We reserved the premier Corner King or so we thought.
We were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline.
Yeah ; right ! All we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building.
In addition ; the water in the shower had little pressure.
We called the front desk ; the phone rang for 21 times before someone answered.
My husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling.
We requested a better room ; but they said that none was available.
However ; they did have an upgraded room ; but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee.
We could not believe it.
My husband felt that we should not " agitate " them any further ; for fear that they might make things even worse for us : like turn off our air.
We threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before.
After returning about 2 hours later ; the water pressure was fixed.
The room was clean and the bed was plush ; but the overall experience ' especially the rudeness of the staff was not good.
Let 's just say that on our next 13th anniversary we wo n't stay at the Swissotel and will tell others to not stay there.
My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was less than satisfactory.
I would have expected much for from such a " high end " hotel.
The rooms were way over priced ; and the service was less than satisfactory.
At one point ; I left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up ; and when room service came through ; they were still there ! On the other side of things ; the cup I had left on my desk ' which I was planning to use later was gone.
My coffee and my towels were also never replaced.
I also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room.
Rather ; it was a " nominal fee " .
After paying so much for a room ; I had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi.
My stay at the Palmer House Hilton left much to be wished for.
I will not be staying there again.
amalfihotelchicago - My family and I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago recently and we absolutely LOVED it ! Everything from the big flat screen TV in the room to the comfortable bedsheets and steam shower made it a wonderful stay.
There was a fully equipped gym that me and husband used everyday while the kids spent a lot of their time playing the pool.
Overall it was a great stay and I strongly recommend others to stay here as well ! This hotel has a good name and a good location in Chicago.
Unfortunately I was very unsatisfied with this hotel.
This is a luxury hotel ; so you are paying luxury prices.
So ; I expect to get my money 's worth.
Unfortunately that was not the case at the InterContinental.
Firstly ; my room was surprisingly small and unclean and could probably use a renovation and an upgrade in the furniture.
Again ; this is supposed to be a luxury hotel ; and it 's expensive.
I should n't be worried about why the carpet and other parts of the room seem dirty.
I also had trouble getting the room to the temperature I wanted.
I 'm not sure if there was just a problem with the air condition in my room or if it 's a problem in the whole hotel.
The building is old and I suppose it has a lot of problems from being old.
Secondly ; I was disappointed with the quality of the service from the hotel 's staff.
I thought they were somewhat rude and inattentive.
Thirdly ; this hotel has a lot of additional expenses.
I felt like they wanted to overcharge me every chance they got ' use of the fitness amenities ; internet ; etc.
When I 'm already paying so much for a hotel room ; I get very irritated when I feel I 'm being nickel-and-dimed every chance they get.
This hotel has a nice looking building ; and again ; it 's in a terrific location.
But I really do n't think it 's worth the expense.
There are so many other hotels in Chicago to choose from that are so much better.
Staying at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago.
Upon entering ; there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk.
The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming.
The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede.
I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering ; I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was.
I could barely see the bartenders face.
The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting.
After an hour ; I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down.
The mattress was surprising stiff.
The noise was higher than expected as well.
Thankfully ; it was only a one night stay.
I recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to attend a corporate meeting.
To say the rooms at this beautifully renovated hotel are stylish is an understatement.
I stayed in one of the more moderately priced rooms yet found all the amenities of premium rooms at other hotels.
My room was spacious and furnished in a retro-modern style.
A fully stocked refreshment center ; wet bar ; and LCD HD TV were amongst the standard items.
The Allegro is in the center of everything ; the Chicago Loop of the financial district ; the Chicago Theatre district ; great shopping on Slate Street and fine dinning is available adjacent to the hotel ' I suggest the 312 Lunch Club.
The fitness room is well equipped and clean.
The professional and friendly service was the icing on the cake during my stay at the Allegro.
My next visit to the Chicago area will definitely include a stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago.
Hotel Allegro - My boyfriend and I recently convened in Chicago for our 6 year anniversary ; we decided to stay at Hotel Allegro and it was the best decision we could have made.
They welcomed us with open arms ; and their rooms were huge with very clean sheets.
We were able to eat at 312 Chicago ; which is an Italian restaurant with to die for Ravioli.
We booked our stay with the No Taxation without Libations promotion ; so we were able to have cocktails and a meal in the Encore Liquid Lounge for a GREAT value.
All in all the staff gave us the five star treatment we were not expecting ; due to our young age ; and I will definitely be returning to this hotel.
I travel often and whenever I travel I prefer to stay at Hilton properties.
I am always satisfied with my stay at Hilton.
locations.
However ; I have never stayed at a Homewood Suites location.
This property was awesome and it was great to have the same satisfication when I arrived.
The lobby area was excellent and the greeting from the front desk staff was wonderful ! My room was in great condition ! Absolutely no complaints.
I just figured that a property like this should be recognized.
Great job staff ! I will definitely return in the future ! We decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in Chicago.
Wo n't make that mistake again.
The rooms are smaller than they appear on the web ' creative photography and the place is dirty.We 've stayed at Best Westerns that are cleaner ! The air conditioner is super loud ...  and the walls are paper thin.
The people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between 1 and 3 a.m. ; Security failed to stop the ruckus.
Also thought the front desk staff was rude.
Usually in Hyatts ; Hiltons ; etc. ; the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating.
These people were n't particularly personable ...  we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it.
The only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that does n't make up for the negative experience.
Save some money and stay somewhere else ! My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary.
We had booked an Executive Guest room ; upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite.
This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend.
The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed.
The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel ; friendly staff ; lovely food and great atmosphere.
Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic.
Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay.
The grooming was perfect ; the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with.
This was a beautiful weekend ; thank you Affinia Hotels ! We would visit this hotel again ! homewood suites chicago - Nice hotel.
I paid about $ 300 'night for the weekend.
My room was large and comfortable ; and a breakfast buffet was included ; which helped offset the pricey room There 's supposed to be a free dinner included too ; but it only runs on the weekdays ; so I never got to try it.
If you 're staying through the week that may help justify the price ; too.
My only complaint was the noise during the night ; but I suppose there 's only so much you can do in a big city.
If I ever have to go back to Chicago ; I 'd definitely consider staying there again.
There are many high-quality hotels in Chicago.
There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago.
With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service ; it is just a combination for trouble ; We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in.
No Room.
One hour after their posted check in time and nothing.
No apology ; no offer for upgrade ; no discount.
Nothing.
As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list.
I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away.
Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious ! Our room had anything you could ever want ; a mini bar ; air conditioning.
We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants.
The staff was friendly ; and the beds were like clouds.
Overall ; the experience was worth every penny.
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary this past weekend.
The hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive.
The concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay ; and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do.
We were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel ; the lobby ; dining areas ; and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury.
The decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white ; and lighting that complimented and set the mood.
The bar and lounge areas had excellent service ; and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown Chicago.
Additionally ; my husband and I were extra pleased to learn that because we are AAA members ; we would be receiving 20 % off our room rate for the weekend.
Overall ; the amenities and experience of staying at the Hotel Allegro Chicago made us feel like movie stars ; pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment ; one in which we would definitely choose to stay again.
Stayed at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and it was not a good experience.
The room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into.
When I called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room ; it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up ; and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be.
Will not be staying at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park again.
We really enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House Hilton.
We were in Chicago for a weekend stay ; and wanted something close to State Street ; and convenient to the theatre district and the museums ; and Michigan Ave. shopping.
This is a grand old hotel ; with just about every amenity one could wish for.
The lobby is fabulous ; and the hotel also has some nice restaurants .
Our room had a nice king sized bed ; and was pretty cozy.
Hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us.
I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a " grand hotel " type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown Chicago.
You will definitely feel special.
If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less ; I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel.
Unbeatable elegance ; fine dining ; and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of.
Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest.
If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating ; The Sofitel would surely have it.
My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort.
Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago ; one would hardly want to leave.
Fine dining ; dancing ; and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting ; or social event in town.
The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on a recent trip to Chicago ; and had a great stay.
The rooms were beautiful ; the beds comfortable ; and the views of the city were fantastic.
My room overlooked the river and the city.
I felt like I was on a luxury vacation.
The hotel has a few different restaurants.
I ate at the Chicago Burger Company ; which was delicious.
The burgers were juicy ; and the prices were great.
The indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities.
Overall ; I had a wonderful stay.
I recently stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for two night ; and my visit was nothing short of disappointing.
Expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance ; we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere.
Our expectations for the Ambassador were not met.
The room was small and ; frankly ; outdated.
The bathroom smelled musty.
The A 'C in the room had two settings : polar cold or off.
The walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms ; and it was loud at night - a good night 's sleep was impossible.
Staff were indifferent.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel.
Frankly ; it 's not worth the steep price and mediocre character.
Since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in Chicago ; I know I wo n't be back at this place.
We booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago.
However ; our experience was significantly different from what we expected ; for the following reasons.
First of all ; there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived.
That person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes.
Then when we got to our room ; there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but I found them to be incredibly dusty.
Just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which I found distasteful.
Overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it.
I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago in Chicago ; Illinois.
I must say ; that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities.
There are spa packages ; room service ; and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully.
I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star.
They take reservations ; and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building.
Whatever you need ; they will accommodate you.
This is heaven on earth ! I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel ; even if its for one day ; its worth it.
This is an absolutely exquisite hotel ; at a great location ; and boasting superb amenities.
I was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on Michigan Ave.
The hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk.
I appreciated the homey ; well-designed interior and views of the city.
It was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so I did n't have to wander the city for my late night meal.
This will definitely be my hotel of choice when I return to the city.
The Omni Chicago Hotel is amazing little get away right on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago.
This hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities ! The beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms ' at least both times I have stayed.
The Windy City Spa provides a relaxing getaway as well.The indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent.
The garage was very secure and has unlimited in 'out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty.
All in all ; well worth it and will plan to stay again ! Fairmont - I would not recommend the Fairmont.
I decided to spend a little extra and get the Fairmont Gold room while on a business trip and I sincerely regret it.
Sure ; there is a good amount of space and the bathroom is huge ; but is that really necessary for one or even two people ? Plus ; they make no mention of the charge for wi-fi until you get the bill at the end of your stay.
Really ? I get free wi-fi with a 1$ cup of coffee ; but not with my 380$ night at the Fairmont ? Ridiculous Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon.
The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous.
Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests.
There was n't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely.
Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
I was visiting relatives in Chicago and wanted to stay in a hotel that emphasized luxury and was also environmentally friendly ; and the Talbott seemed to fit the bill.
I also could n't help but notice all the positive reviews online.
I figured I could n't go wrong and I am happy to report the positive reviews are true.
First of all check in was a breeze.
I love their online reservation system.
It was easy to use and the information presented was quick and accurate.
Once I arrived in Chicago I was greeted by Tim at the door and I immediately felt like wanted and liked.
The receptionist was very polite and when she heard I was visiting Chicago for the first time ; she upgraded my Deluxe King to an Executive King.
Score ! The room was just as advertised ; luxurious and convenient.
It was also exceptionally clean and this is very important to me because I am paranoid of germs and bed bugs.
Most importantly though ; I got a good night 's sleeep because the bed and pillows were super soft ; but firm enough to help support my back.
I also used the Equinox Fitness Club and ; wow ; what a club.
This is another great amenity of the Talbott and easily beats other hotels skimpy workout centers.
My check-out was quick ; easy ; and painless.
This hotel gets my highest recommendation.
The facilities are immaculate and modern with the recent upgrade ; the staff is ultra-friendly and competent ; and the location was perfect for my needs.
My wife and I were excited to visit and shop at Chicago 's Magnificent Mile on Michigan Ave.
We chose the Intercontinental Hotel for it 's reputation and location.
Man oh man ; were we disappointed.
The check in was smooth enough even though the hotel was busy and all seemed well.
We got ready to go out shopping and went to visit the concierge in the lobby to ask about suggestions and bargains.
There were six people in line for her and we had to wait.
That was no problem since we were n't on a timetable.
When we finally got to her and asked about shopping on the Miracle Mile ; she just pointed to the door and said ; " It 's right out the door. " 
I asked her for suggestions of the best stores for bargains and she rolled her eyes at me saying ; " there 's no such thing. " 
I could n't believe her abruptness.
We left the concierge stand not wanting to return.
Shopping went well and was fun.
We returned to our room and wanted to look up a restaurant for the night ourselves rather than ask the concierge.
We could n't find a hotel directory in the room.
I called the Housekeeping Department and was told ; " we 're all out of directories here in the office. " 
I asked if they could check a vacant room for one.
She said the hotel was full and there were no vacant rooms.
I hung up and thought I would just look for a restaurant in the yellow pages.
Guess what ? You guessed it ; no phone book in the room.
I figured we could go get a drink at The Bar ; the hotel 's 20 's themed lounge ; and ask the bartender for suggestions.
We went to The Bar and there were only three other customers.
We sat at the bar and got our drinks.
As I was about to ask the bartender for restaurant suggestions ; his cell phone rang.
He answered it and went to the other end of the bar to talk.
Twenty minutes later ; he was still on the phone.
Tired and hungry ; my wife and I went back to our room and ordered a pizza to be delivered from Pizza Hut.
Although the hotel is nice enough and the furnishings comfortable ; the indifference of the staff will keep me from ever coming back.
A big thumbs down to the Intercontinental Chicago.
They need to look up the word hospitality in the dictionary.
Homewood Suites - Stayed here for business and would not recommend.
Rooms were big and clean but lacked a desk or large enough table to get work done.
They provide breakfast in the morning but refused to refill the buffet after food ran out.
Be sure to get there early or you will go hungry.
I am going to stay away from the Homewood Suites next time I visit Chicago.
Recently my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our " night on the town " .
After taking in a musical ; we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service.
The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym.
If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand ; it would 've been a great environment for our family lapdog.
Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago.
When my boyfriend and I checked into our room at the Omni Chicago ; we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled ; as if kids had been jumping on it.
That was just the first of our " issues " .
The glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them ; and I saw a ' dead-thank goodness ! roach behind the toilet.
We were given the hotel night stay by a friend ; so we decided to just deal with it.
We ordered some munchies from the kitchen ; and the chips were stale ; and the dip smelled sour.
After coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies ; we were able to enjoy our stay -- but I would not recommend this place to anyone ! Do n't ever stay at this hotel ! ; Conrad Chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine.
First of all ; THE PRICE ! you not get what you pay for.
I paid ' 217.50 one night for a room that did not even had a TV ! that 's ridiculous ! The bathroom did not work ; and it was nasty ! the bed sheets seemed like used ; as if some people slept there and they smelled bad ! After my experience with Conrad Chicago ; I will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel.
You get better service and accommodations even in a 1 star motel ! My stay at this hotel was one of the best I have ever had ! The location ; service and accommodations were all outstanding ! The lobby area is beautiful as was my room.
In the room there was more than enough space ; which is difficult to find in Chicago hotels.
My only gripe was the room was a little dark.
Sure ; staying at a small ; upper-class hotel like the Talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it.
The service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed.
The room service took a bit longer than I would have liked ; however ; the food was good quality.
Another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the Equinox Fitness Center.
Finally ; the location is PERFECT ! It 's located in a beautiful area of the city near the Gold Coast ; which has many very good restaurants.
A personal favorite of mine is Mario 's ; a nice Italian place nearby.
Overall ; my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were ; for the most part ; insignificant.
This hotel is ok but is not the best for the money.
First of all the parking prices are exorbitant.
I know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high.
Also ; the service at this hotel was poor.
I felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general ; and the staff at The Palmer House seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us.
In addition I feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet.
Also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you.
I would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about The Palmer House.
For starters ; I had trouble reaching the front desk.
Every time I called it would ring endlessly ! When finally I did reach someone ; she was snooty ; impolite ; and altogether unhelpful.
Being from the south and not knowing anything about Chicago I was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area.
As I was there on business ; I was really looking forward to the Wi-Fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted.
Unfortunately ; this was not the case.
After multiple log in attempts I ended up going to a local " internet bar. " 
As attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were ; the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing.
Me and my husband got married here.
We loved the atmosphere of our suite.
It felt like home away from home.
They have a nice pool.
The rooms were clean and the staff was courteous.
Thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding.
Amy C. of Los Angelas ; California Hilton Chicago - It 's a bit pricey ; but that evil is somewhat unavoidable in downtown Chicago.
You 'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else in the area with accommodations as nice for the same price.
Features that set this hotel apart are its unconventional yet agreeable styling ; HD TV 's in all the rooms ; and scenic lake views from most of the rooms.
There are two decent restaurants in the hotel ; but there 's plenty of other options like pizzerias ; a Thai place ; Jimmy John 's sandwiches ; and an upscale Italian restaurant called Gioco ' my personal choice easily within walking distance if you get bored of the main offerings.
It 's about half an hour away from O 'Hare and only 15 minutes away from Midway International Airport ; so it 's pretty conveniently located if you happen to be a flyer.
Overall ; a solid choice.
At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package.
We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too " ritzy " for us to travel with our four children.
But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it 's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the Magnificent mile ; Navy Peir ; The museum of contemperary art ; lake michigan and upscale boutiques.
This hotel is great for tourest.
it has 450 great rooms and 33 high end sweets.
It has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy.
IT has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws ; while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar.
Overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in.
Fairmont Chicago - I recently stayed for a night at the Fairmont while I was in Chicago for a job interview.
The room was okay ; clean at least and with big windows ; but for some reason the bathroom did n't have a hairdryer ' important for me ; and a pretty standard amenity ... 
I had to call the front desk and ask for one ; and then it took THREE HOURS for someone to bring it up.
The guy who ended up bringing it was polite and very apologetic ; but I mean come on ..  three hours ? Besides that ; things were decent ; pretty much what you 'd expect from any 4 star hotel.
I ordered room service late ' it 's available 24 '7 and the food came quickly ; but it was nothing too special.
The extra fee for in-room wifi access was pretty exorbitant ; but I think there was free wifi down in the lobby.
I guess I probably would n't recommend the Fairmont to a friend ; but I would n't go out of my way to warn them away.
My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back.
I had a conference in the Windy City ; and my wife decided she 'd come along to do some shopping.
First off let me say ; typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get ; i 'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed.
That said ; this place was terrible.
The room had a slight odor to it ; kind of a fishy smell.
The people at the front desk were rude to us.
And I found a soiled pair of women 's panties under the bed.
Gross ! Not to mention that once we got home ; we both had bug bites up and down our legs --- now we 're worried we brought bedbugs home with us ! If I could take this trip back I would.
What a terrible place.
Shame on you Conrad Hilton ; shame on you ! If you are looking for a true luxury experience ; Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go.
I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience.
I did not get it.
Check in was not a pleasant experience.
The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful.
The room was ok ; no roaches or anything ; but it was small and cramped.
And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel.
The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8 : 30a in the morning.
When I asked them to come back later ; they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back.
And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth.
I do n't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what.
The room service food that I ordered was fine ; but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it.
When I called the front desk to complain ; they apologized ; but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food.
They have a restaurant at the hotel ; but I did not bother to try it.
The prices were ridiculous ; the menu was limited ; and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel.
I was really disenchanted with this experience.
At $ 400 plus dollars a night ; I received mediocre accomedations and poor service.
Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else.
The James Chicago is a stuffy ; uninviting hotel.
If you are looking for all of the comforts of home ; do not stay here.
The rooms are like boardrooms ; not bedrooms.
Definitely not a child-friendly hotel.
The restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious.
I would not vacation here again ; especially not with children.
They were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel ! We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location ; but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it.
Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities ; we found both severely lacking.
We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary.
We asked for ; and were promised ; a king room.
However ; when we checked in ; we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available.
We could either take a double queen room ; or pay significantly more for a suite.
We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way.
Upon arriving on our floor ; we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway ; squealing and playing.
It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store.
It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip ! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room ; and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available.
We explained that we were here for our anniversary ; and the ambiance was n't exactly what we were looking for.
The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she could n't help us - they did n't have anything else.
Sorry.
Back upstairs we went.
Tired from travel ; we decided to order from room service for dinner.
Our pasta ; when it arrived ; was barely warm and mediocre in flavor.
We ate it anyway and prepared for bed.
After using the bathroom ; we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing.
After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank ; we could n't get the water to stop running.
It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem.
The next morning ; after showering ; I discovered the hair dryer did n't work properly.
After pulling my wet hair back in a clip ; we went out for the day.
Upon our return ; we expected to find our room made up and fresh.
It had n't been touched.
We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it ; but by the time we 'd left for dinner ; nobody had arrived.
Our room was n't made up that day.
That night ; the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am.
We asked them several times to be quiet ; but they did n't want to listen ; and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen.
We called down to the desk ; and they told us " they would take care of it " ; but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway.
Nobody came to shoo them away.
The next morning ; I turned on the hairdryer ; expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before.
It did n't ! Stuck wearing my clip again ; we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip.
This hotel had potential ; but the staff does n't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers.
I 've stayed at several different hotels in Chicago but The James is the best.
Everything I need is in walking distance and I find it very convenient to stay there.
The staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly.
The room has always been very clean.
The bed linens are better that the nice sheets I have on my own bed.
Thankfully I do n't have to search around for somewhere to stay when I travel there as I 've found my favorite.
I stayed at the Omni hotel with my family on vacation in Chicago.
There was a long queue at the front desk for checking in.
After we finally got the room ; we were sad to see that the room was not clean.
The items in the mini bar were very costly.
We had a problem with the shower and calling the room service did not help.
The beds were comfortable to sleep and the view of downtown from the room was great at night.
Kids enjoyed the pool.
The food at the restaurant was not so good and the service was bad.
Overall ; the hotel did not live up to our expectations and somewhat ruined our vacation.
The hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at.
the room was seemingly nice at first ; but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it.
I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed.
Also ; the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms ; which interfered with my sleep.
I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also ; and asked for a well done steak ; and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor.
This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone.
The magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit ; and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better ! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away ; and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch ! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful ! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay ; all the way down to choosing your own pillow ! Very impressed overall ! intercontinentalchicago - I recently stayed at the intercontinental hotel in Chicago for a business conference and had an excellent time.
I stayed in a deluxe room which was very roomy and allowed me to stretch out between meetings.
The room had large windows on two of the walls with a great view of the city.
One of the meetings was actually held inside the hotel ; and I must say the food was fantastic.
I had the smoked salmon ; and it was as good as anything I eat during the trip ; which is saying something in Chicago.
Also ; check out the belgian waffles from the hotel menu for breakfast one day during your stay ; you wo n't regret it.
Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently.
I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable.
I 'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.
When I had to visit Chicago for business I asked some of my associates where to stay and several of them recommended the Hotel Allegro.
After my stay I can honestly say that I agree.
From the luxurious bedding to the technological amenities ; everything was thought of.
The only place I find more comfortable then this hotel is my actual home.
I now know where I will be staying every time I have business in this city ; and anyone I know who is doing the same will hear so.
I was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel.
Its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin ; granted i had a personal guide a.k.a. my cousin Janice.
The amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality.
Would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults.
The room and view were spectacular ; the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate.
During a recent business trip to Chicago I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Allegro.
The lobby gave a good first impression.
It was a very clean with a modern designer 's feel and the customer service was great.
I proceeded to the counter to check-in and within 5 minutes I had the key to my room.
I was told to check out the infamous 312 restaurant but I was tired from my flight.
I checked into my room.
The room was great.
A king size bed 37 " flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture.
After I unpacked I had to check my email.
Hooking up to their Wi-Fi was quick and painless ! I had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting.
I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast.
I had an omelet and fruit.
The restaurant was great and the food was perfect.
I only wish I had more time to stay and enjoy lunch ; nevertheless duty called.
The concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and I was off to work.
I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
It 's one of the best I 've ever stayed at after multiple business trips.
I enjoyed my stay at the Talbott Hotel.
It is on the more expensive side ; but it is all worth it.
I got the Talbott tradition package ; which was $ 245 for two people and included a $ 30 breakfast credit on check out day.
The rooms are huge ! The beds are soft and comfortable.
They include Aveda bath products ; which is a plus in my book.
They also have a nice fitness area pool you can use while you stay there.
One thing I thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone.
My boyfriend also liked the Ihome audio system.
The location of this hotel is very convenient as well ; its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast.
But ; what I like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to.
They were one of the first hotels to be Green Sealed.
Overall I had a great stay at Talbott Hotel ! My stay here was superb.
The view from my windows was stunning ; as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park.
The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting.
The bed was very comfortable.
The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips.
THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca.
Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here.
The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago has it all : location ; comfort ; and rockability ! We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently and found it to be amazing ! The location was perfect as it is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile ; Navy Pier ; and Lake Michigan.
It was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums ; Shedd Aquarium or the Museum of Science and Industry ! The food ; although it was pricey ; was great ! There is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin ; and if you have pets ; they get the ROYAL treatment ; complete with gifts ! I would highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel of Chicago ! We enjoyed our stay at the James in Chicago very much.
The hotel is elegant and uber-modern ! Each room simply exudes class.
I have never stayed in a nicer hotel ; to be honest.
The hotel features an upscale restaurant ; though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments.
There is also a full-service spa at the hotel.
The most surprising thing about the James is that pets are allowed ; our dog did n't have to stay at home.
How cool is that ? There are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking ; 24-hour room service ; 24-hour concierge ; shoe shine service ; and laundry 'dry cleaning.
The hotel is located right on the Magnificent Mile ; so that location is absolutely superb.
You are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world.
I would recommend the James to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to Chicago.
My stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live.
I was there for a week long conference.
Although my reservations had been made months in advance ; they did not have a suite for me when I arrived ; resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night.
Once my room was ready ; I was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen : barely large enough to move around ; and very few utensils to cook with.
The pool was only open for limited hours ; and I should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit.
At night I was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside.
My overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite.
I will not book here ever again.
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago ; Il.
From the start ; the experience was bad.
The room was filthy ; there were no towels ; and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation.
I will never stay there again.
I could not have been more dissatisfied.
Amalifa Hotel in Chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience.
I was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service.
I will definitely be returning for another stay ! Hilton Chicago - My stay at hotel Hilton was very satisfying.
The room I stayed was very comfortable.
The room had all the top-notch basic amenities.
I stayed at the 7th floor and the view of the city was spectacular which added to the beauty of the hotel stay.
Also on the comfortable beds I had a fantastic time lazing over a recent movie on the HD television set in the room.
The bathrooms were very clean and tidy which showed how cleanliness was a top priority at the hotel.
Also the location of the hotel is very strategic as most of the tourist attractions around the city are within comfortable distance along with easy access to local public transportation.
I would recommend this hotel to everyone and would definitely come back.
When we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light did n't come on when we flipped the switch upon entering.
The room was not very clean at all.
Dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it ; on the window sill and stains on the carpet.
We had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night.
The mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night.
The jacuzzi was out of order also.
When asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available.
Atrocious.
Here 's our story : My wife and I are Californians but met as students at the University of Chicago.
To celebrate our 10th anniversary ; we decided to travel back to the Windy City and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love.
When it came to lodging ; we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered.
We wanted to revisit the city and did n't intend to spend very much time in our room.
As a result ; we did n't spend very much time researching hotels.
Big mistake.
Our stay at Homewood Suites could not have been worse.
Our room ; which ; I should mention ; took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance ; was filthy.
' My wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom. '
The staff was rude and indifferent.
The chocolates included in the Romance Package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar.
Cleaning staff failed to show up.
Front desk offered apologies but little else.
Suffice it to say ; we checked out early.
Never before have I seen such a poorly-managed hotel.
Truly shameful.
Stay away ! This hotel was not at all what I expected it would be.
The website and it 's pictures portray the hotel in a much better condition than it is actually in.
The amenities were not what I was looking for ; and the price of the hotel was not a good value for what was offered there.
My AAA membership did not get me a very good discount like it does at most hotels.
The staff was not very friendly or helpful when I had questions about the area ; and they were not very prompt when responding to requests.
I understand that there were a lot of guests staying there while I was there ; but they need to have more staff on hand if they can not provide their hotel guests with quality service.
I do n't think I will be staying at this hotel again anytime soon.
Just what I needed at James : I ca n't tell you how impressed I was with my stay at the James Chicago Hotel.
I came into town for a week long business conference and was referred to the James by a friend.
The crisp ; clean ; contemporary ambiance made me feel like I was on a relaxed vacation rather than work.
It was luxury without being over the top.
My room was clean ; comfortable and was above all standards comfortable.
In my down time I enjoyed a relaxing massage at the spa and happy hour at the " JBar " ; and I highly recommend dinner at the " David Burke Primehouse " The customer service from all the staff members ; from front desk ; to house keeping to the bartender was excellent.
I plan on returning on my spring vist and look forward to another phenomenal experience.
The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has " character " .
I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and " contemporary furniture " .
I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least.
Because of their pet-friendly policy ; our room smelled like a wet dog ; and a canine " guest " down the hall kept us up all night with his howling.
Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster.
We waited an hour and a half for our order : meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10 : 00 pm until midnight ! All in all ; we would not stay here again.
The views and location are great ; but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.
We booked a room at the Hilton Chicago for two nights to stay the weekend ; but upon arrival our reservation could not be found.
I even provided the hotel with our confirmation number ; but it still was n't available ! Fortunately ; another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us.
Once we settled into our room for the night ' after a long flight ; there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom.
Apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival.
Needless to say ; with both of these poor experiences in just one night ; I will be hesitant to EVER stay in this hotel again ; let alone any other Hilton around.
Please consider someplace else before the Hilton Chicago ! Very luxurious and worth the money.
If you are looking to relax and unwind in a great hotel then this is the one to choose.
The staff was great and friendly.
Dont forget the 24 hour room service which is a great treat.
My stay at the James Hotel in Chicago was fantastic ! The hotel was clean ; modern and everything I had hoped for.
The staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations.
All of our needs were more than met and I will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates.
Sheraton Chicago Hotel Towers - My stay at this hotel was awful.
This was my first visit to Chicago and I was really excited about it ; but staying at Sheraton ruined it.
My boyfriend and I had to wait for 4 hours to check into our room ; and it was surprisingly small and dirty.
You would not expect a room so small and dirty at such a high price ! We then requested to change a room and it took the staff another 3 hours to get it done.
We were satisfied with the condition of our second room and then decided to go to the pool ; and we were so disappointed.
There were no one at the pool ; and the staff knew so little about their hotel that we asked three people to finally get there ! The only thing that one can not pick is the location of this hotel.
It is right at downtown Chicago and very easy to go to everywhere.
Other than that ; I did not find anything in this hotel that worth the price it charged.
I would not recommend this hotel to any friend and I would certainly not stay there again.
Fairmont Chicago ; Millennium Park - My wife and I just got back from Chicago ; where we stayed at the Fairmont.
The trip was awesome and the great food ; elegantly styled room and amazing service at the hotel were definitely a large reason our trip was so good.
I highly recommend this hotel ! The James Chicago - Though the hotel was at a great location ; the rooms were very small and I could hear normal talks in the adjacent rooms.
I had to figure out myself how to connect to the wireless internet connection and only to know that the speed was very slow and the range itself was not good.
The breakfast was not worth the money.
I would never go there again.
The Sheraton Chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience Chicago.
There are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do ; and there are n't even any shuttles that will bring you around town.
The food in the restaurant at the Hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries ; and makes no attempt to emulate the Chicago culture.
There are a million other hotels in Chicago ; and this is one of the most average.
The rooms are fairly decent sized ; but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars.
The view is nothing special ; and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls.
Millenium-My stay at the Millenium was amazing ! Me and my husband came to Chicago for our anniversary ; and there was a mess-up with our reservation ; so we got upgraded to a superior room for free.
The location was excellent ; since it allowed us to visit all the nearby museums and shopping centers without having to rent a taxi.
The bartender at the bar downstairs was very friendly ; and introduced us to drinks we 've never heard of before.
Thank you ! Our room directly overlooked Lake Michigan ; and it was very spacious ; with an easy-access minibar and a very nice bathroom.
My only complaint is that the wireless is a little pricey ; but other than that ; it was an amazing stay ! Will come back to again ! ' Amalfi Hotel Chicago-I recently stayed there for 2 nights during my short visit to the University of Chicago.
It 's a little expensive since I booked it quite late but it 's TOTALLY worth it ! It is located in a great and safe neighborhood in downtown Chicago ; within walking distance to the University of Chicago.
The bathroom is clean and housekeeping is awesome.
The complementary continental breakfast is conveniently served on every floor and provides delicious food.
Highly Recommend ! I am writing about my recent stay at the Ambassador East Hotel.
I just wanted to let you know what a wonderful team you have working there.
Everyone from check-in to check-out could n't have been more helpful or personable.
It made my mundane business trip a very pleasureable one.
The hotel is spotless ; very comfortable and the restaurant is one of Chicago 's finest.
You really offer the finest quality in both product and service.
The only complaint I have is that internet access is not free.
I would just like to mention one person in particular- Sofie.
She worked on the front desk and she went above and beyond to make my stay as smooth as possible.
She even helped me out with taxi services and local recommendations.
I shall look forward to returning next month.
Thank you.
Yours ; P. Grady A perfect place for couples to get away too.
The location could n't be better ; just three blocks from Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile.
It 's really romantic ; the service was awesome.
Very clean and quiet.
It has big rooms with comfortable atmosphere ; huge bathroom.Over all ; i had the a great experience there ; would definitely stay there again ! I had to write this review ! My tired body walked through the doors of The Fairmont.
It felt like I walked through heaven 's gates ; the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly ; that I was instantly energized.
The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room.
They were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa .. oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible ; I took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit ' my very first as well as a massage.
I was amazed at the size of the meeting 'conference room that we used for an afternoon.
The room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home.
The food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as I was after the meeting ; instead of room service ; I went in ; and the food was mouth watering delicious ; and the wait staff was very hospitable They take great pride in everything ; even the wake up call was friendly.
My stay was so great ; that I want to go back again soon ! The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a magnificent grand hotel.
The size of the rooms ; and the views of the city are phenomenal.
At night the city lights up ; and the sight is majestic.
The hotel itself ; and the employee 's are wonderful ; and well worth the pay to stay in such a place.
This Hotel has so much to offer ; great dining ; a fantastic gym set up for those of us ; who really like to stay fit no matter what we are doing.My wife and I have just left recently ; and we are already planning to stay there on our next trip out.
Big thumbs up to Those who run that place ; and helped us enjoy our stay.
The Homewood Suites is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago ! It is a great place to stay as a family.
The last time my family and I visited Chicago ; we stayed and picked the Shedd Aquarium package.
What an amazing time ! The Aquarium is great ; and we saved a lot of money by buying this package.
I also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen.
With two really picky children ; it was so nice to be able to cook ; or at least to have the option.
We also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown.
Nice pool ; great workout room ; breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening.
I would n't stay anywhere else when I visit the Windy City ! As a former Chicagoan ; I 'm appalled at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago.
First of all ; I was expecting luxury and hospitality ; neither of which I received.
There 's an Experience Designer who is supposed to be like a " personal concierge ; " but my experience with my ED was terrible.
I felt like he was trying to pressure me into staying more days than I wanted to.
Not only that ; but I could n't understand what he was saying most of the time because he was talking so fast.
When I finally got to my room ; I was disappointed with the quality of the furniture and the room 's cleanliness.
I had to ask for a maid to come and give me clean towels because some of the towels in the bathroom were damp.
On top of that ; the bed was messily done ; I could have done a better job on my own bed at home.
I was angry at this point ; because I was paying a lot of money for every night I was staying at Amalfi ; and I did n't expect to be greeted with wet towels.
I needed to use the Wi-Fi to download some important documents ; and the internet was surprisingly slow.
Even a very basic hotel or motel could have offered better ; maybe even faster internet access.
When I finally checked out of the Amalfi ; I made sure that my supposed personal concierge knew all of the problems I 'd had with my room and the hotel.
I was glad to see the Amalfi getting smaller in the mirror as I drove away ! I had high hopes for the Hilton Chicago ; but I am sad to say that I am disapointed.
Not only is it outrageously expensive ' over $ 200 for two people for one night ; but they expect you to pay over $ 40 to park your car ! They do not offer free Wi-Fi ; but instead I had to pay $ 20 to get on the internet in my room.
I had to wait until 3 pm to check in ' even though my flight was in the morning and I had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from.
After all of this stress ; the Hilton Chicago did n't have an in hotel bar either.
I doubt I will stay here again ! I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family.
We never leave our dog at home when we travel ; and it 's been a long time since we 've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets.
The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques.
My husband liked the fitness room.
It was nice and clean ; with plenty of extra towels available.
It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water ; but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves.
We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago.
We would make the trip just to stay here.
That 's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel.
Superhigh Bill at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary.
I told my wife that I would take care of everything.
I booked the Millennium Knickerbocker because it had a great location ; it was reasonably priced for a 4 star hotel and had spa features.
The hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine.
The problems for us started when we went to our room.
I have sinus problems ; so I did n't notice the smell in our room ; and my wife did n't say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend.
We could n't find the remote for our television and we did n't call down ; we were trying to be good sports.
We were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel did n't have a pool or hot tub ; swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation.
Upon checking out I was hit was 250 dollar fee for smoking in our room.
My wife and I do n't smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee.
If that was n't bad enough we were hit with a 50 fee for the missing remote control.
My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one ; although ; it was intended to be for five days ; it only last two.
When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez.
The clerk 'concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him.
When we checked in ; we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it.
We then returned to Lobby ; and to our dismay ; the hotel had Double Booked the room ! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a " better " room.
The bed was unbearable ; the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes ' although it was supposedly a non-smoking room.
Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep.
However ; it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room.
I needed an Ambien to go to sleep.
I woke up with backaches ; the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day ; and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room.
Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt.
What was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster.
The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in ... they knew we had 6 ! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel.
When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other.
After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor ; unfortunately one of the rooms had n't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around.
The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating.
On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5 : 30am.
Despite my calls to the front desk ; the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes.
We also did n't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly.
One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door.
I understand they allow pets ; but really ... people need to clean up after their animals ... or have some dog free floors.
While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms ; their service was terrible ; the staff was rude ; and I still ca n't get over that dog poo in the hallway.
I definitely wo n't be staying here again.
Amalfi Hotel Chicago ?I stayed here with friends and my experience was not quite good.
The room given to us was big enough but servicing was bad.
We dint get the ordered food on time and had to call them again to remind them.
Staffs were stubborn at times and we were quite unhappy with their behavior.
It was not worth staying here.
I do n't recommend this hotel unless you want to spend lot of money and get a bad service.
For our anniversary this year ; my wife and I stayed at the Conrad.
We 're from the suburbs ; so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us.
It 's expensive ; so we expect the best for our money.
This was most definitely not the best for our money.
It was n't even a good deal either.
The problems began right off the bat.
When we got to our room ; we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room.
It was like walking into a dusty attic.
When I sat down to watch TV ; it turns out it was n't even connected to cable or anything.
I kept changing the channel ; but it was nothing but static and white noise.
I even looked for another remote.
After we left our things ; we went out for a night in Chicago ; but coming back ; the smell seemed to have gotten worse.
I finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms.
They moved us to a different room ; but they had no explanation for the smell.
For a single stay ; that was more trouble than it was worth.
My family 's seven day stay at the InterContinental Chicago hotel was more than I could ever imagine.
The InterContinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel I have visited ; because of its wonderful amenities ; such as the excellent 24 hour room service ; access to personal trainers ; and even a dry cleaning service ; just to mention a few.
My family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary American cuisine at the hotels Zest Restaurant ; which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price.
My most favorite point about the InterContinental Chicago is that it provides entry right into the Windy City ; where my family and I had immediate access to transportation ; shopping ; and city attractions.
We had a great time traveling through Chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice ; clean ; elegant ; safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day.
The InterContinental is a must stay and I will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting Chicago.
I recently stayed at The Talbott Hotel for 3 nights and I could not have been more disappointed.
It was a terrible experience.
Long wait to check into room since room was n't ready even though I arrived way after the check in time.
Front desk was very rude.
Was given a smoking room when I had requested non-smoking.
Room service left a lot to be desired.
The food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing.
The staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly.
Had no toilet paper in room.
Room was very noisy.
Could hear people next door opening doors ; watching tv ; talking.
The room was very dingy ; small and had a musty odor.
Needless to say I will not be staying here again nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone else.
Stay away from this hotel.
Not worth the money.
Home away from home ! The suites are amazing with great views of the city.
The food is delious and served by an excellent staff.
I loved the heated pool on the top floor ; very relaxing after a long day of meetings.
Great place to stay when your in Chicago ! During my recent trip to Chicago ; I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel ; which is located in the downtown are.
I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there.
For one ; I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations ; however ; when I arrived ; the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds.
When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation ; he just shrugged his shoulders.
When I got to my room ; I found it to be very small.
There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room.
There was n't ; although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed.
At night ; there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel.
I did not figure what the convention was for ; but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise.
I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise.
Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise ; but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep.
I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me ; the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel ; but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble.
When I left the Ambassador East ; I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco ; I would never stay at this place again.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is my favorite place to stay in Chicago ! I travel to Chicago very often to visit my son ; who is training for the U.S. Navy.
They make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation.
The indoor pool and sauna are amazing ; and I never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped.
If you dine at the LB Bistro ; you must try the Eggs Benedict : The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature.
I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay.
When I first walked into the room it was very clean.
The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant.
Room service was very good.
The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there.
The Omni Hotels ; Chicago - Omni is an excellent place to stay.
It is located right off the Michigan Avenue which puts it in a central location and it is also located pretty close to the airport.
The staff is very pleasant and the decor is amazing.
The rooms have pleasing aesthetics and the in-room luxuries aare apt for a 5-star hotel.
The bathrooms are big and clean which I particularly like about the rooms.
The room-service is a little late at times but usually pretty satisfactory.
In addition to this ; the food is amazing which makes it worth for the wait.
The gym is absolutely state-of-the-art ; as is the spa and the swimming pool.
Definitely a place to be more than once.
I would recommend this hotel over any other in Chicago When I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising.
Gorgeous chairs ; staff at the desk focusing on their job ; and a clean ; well decorated hotel room.
Much to my ; and my wallet 's dismay I found quite the opposite.
I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed ; and found the clerk reading a magazine.
It must have been a fascinating article ; as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation ; or would be making one.
I said I had one ; and gave him the voucher I 'd printed out.
He checked it ; and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out ; he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night.
I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep.
The clerk offered to walk me to my room ; saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep.
I accepted ; and followed him to my new room.
He carried the briefcase I had with me ; but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free.
He ushered me into my room ; setting the briefcase down inside ; and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything.
I thanked him and closed the door.
It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying.
What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6 " apart ; covered in ruffled blankets and sheets.
The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently.
A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap ; not even the complementary ones were left behind.
I got ready for bed ; and looked around for the TV remote ; which it turned out ; had no batteries in it.
Instead ; I just turned out the lights and rolled over ; sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option.
In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out.
I 'd had enough of the hotel after one night.
The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill.
$ 240 for my room ; and an extra $ 80 with a note about a baggage service.
I asked her about it ; and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service.
I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $ 80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up ; and riding the elevator ; and she said it was unusual ; but not unheard of.
She offered to change it to a " mere " $ 20 and handed me a slip with a phone number ; name ; and reason for the disagreement ; saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it.
I did so ; and left ; my wallet $ 260 lighter ; and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep.
Stays here while on a business trip in Chicago.
First off the staff were very friendly and helpful.
They were knowledgeable about the things in the area when I needed to find something.
I had a king bed room - it was very clean and cozy and the view was great.
This is definitely a hotel I will stay at again if my work takes me back to Chicago.
Very beautiful hotel.
The historic features of this hotel make it absolutely amazing.
This hotel offers many great guest accommodations of which I enjoyed the spacious ; tidy rooms.
The staff here are very friendly ; helpful ; and professional.
The concierge went out of her way to make sure we knew about the area and not just what was in the hotel.
I especially enjoyed the service at The Lockwood Restaurant here.
Our server was excellent and the food was delicious ! I must say this hotel exceeded my expectations.
All in all ; my stay was awesome ! HiltonChicago ?Very convenient location ; within walking distance of the Field Museum and the lake.
Room was spacious and clean ; but smelled slightly of dog.
Room service was quick ; I recommend trying the omelets.
I absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago.
The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it.
The room was absolutely stunning ! First of all ; it was so spotless and clean.
The design of it was beautiful ! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even.
The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor.
There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved ! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available.
There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me ! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too.
The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly.
I did n't have any problems at all but if I did I 'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction ! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge ! I ca n't wait to go back to this hotel.
It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation ! My husband and I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park.
What I expected to be a very pleasant experience ; turned out to be a stressful visit.
We specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation.
Upon arrival ; the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful.
As we had no other options ; we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds.
I can live with the bed situation but I truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong ! There was n't an area in the room where I did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and I can not help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out.
To add insult to injury ; the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something I think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation ; partial refund or related " perk " to make up for our great inconvenience.
Two staff members actually acted as if I was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do ! Although we paid for the breakfast package ; we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense.
Pardon the pun ; but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel 's lack of customer service ! I am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but ; thus far ; we have received no satisfaction.
Needless to say ; we will not be visiting this property again ! In fact ; we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels.
For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA ; one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty.
The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare.
I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth.
First off ; as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who could n't be any older than nineteen or twenty ; red flags started going up.
The clerk was extremely rude and lazy ; acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone.
If that was n't bad enough ; the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife 's breasts.
She was n't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat.
After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys.
It should n't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break.
Okay ; that was annoying ; but we managed easy enough.
We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip.
To our surprise ; not to mention our disgust and horror ; their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out.
It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room ; the front desk ; and my wife and me to get it straightened out.
Apparently the night clerk did n't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk.
After what could only be described as chaos ; we were finally given another room on the next floor up.
We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds.
Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed.
I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out.
There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there.
There ; in the sink and in very plain sight ; was a used condom ! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back.
By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room ; free of charge to make up for our troubles.
The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around.
Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had ; we decided to make due.
So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access.
I should n't have even bothered as I 've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting.
With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment.
So instead of worrying about it ; we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area.
Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife 's chest or forgot half of our order.
After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything ; we found that our found was not only bland ; it was cold ! We did n't even bother trying anything else ; that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel.
I do n't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who could n't clean a room ; but I know that that hotel did n't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative.
That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel.
Hilton Chicago - Not worth the price.
Our room on the second floor was very noisy due to traffic.
The windows faced the street ; and we could n't even see the harbor.
The loop was much farther than expected.
It wound up being an hour walk round trip.
' rtf1 'ansi 'ansicpg1252 'cocoartf1187 'cocoasubrtf370 ' fonttbl 'f0 'fswiss 'fcharset0 Helvetica ; ' colortbl ; 'red255 'green255 'blue255 ; ' margl1440 'margr1440 'vieww10800 'viewh8400 'viewkind0 ' pard 'tx720 'tx1440 'tx2160 'tx2880 'tx3600 'tx4320 'tx5040 'tx5760 'tx6480 'tx7200 'tx7920 'tx8640 'pardirnatural ' f0 'fs24 ' cf0 Ambassador East - My stay at this hotel was a bit disappointing despite all its 5-star reviews.
The front desk staff had an attitude and was impatient about us asking questions about various details of the hotel and the neighborhood.
Very upsetting especially after a long flight. There were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile.
The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail.
The quality of service was excellent ; the staff professional ; and the location was perfect.
There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms.
The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave.
There is a nice rooftop bar 'restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city.
There really were n't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
when i first checked the hotel 's website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there.
but i was totally disappointed once i got there ; first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor ; and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one ; it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that.
then when i was trying to enjoy the view ; they windows were all dusty and dirty.
so i decided to get out of the room ; and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture .
so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse !.
i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable ; the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww ! ; its all i can say about this hotel.
The hotel was very nice ; Service was great ; everyone was very friendly.
The room was very elegant and classy.
The bed was so comfortable.
The room also had a flat screen TV and Bose sound system.
Not bad.
Overall I had a great experience ; with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room ; I left here well rested and happy.
This place was absolutely foul.
From the minute I walked in ; I knew making a reservation here was a mistake.
The person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like I was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in.
The room we requested ' a room with double beds was not available.
They told me that when I made the reservation ; requesting double beds was a " request " and not a " guarantee. " 
What 's the point of making a reservation ; then ? When we got to the room ; the room was totally gross.
The decor was dated ; the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy.
The bathroom had spots and stains all over it.
I hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets.
The " complimentary " fitness area was a joke.
One broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells.
Thanks but no thanks.
We will definitely not return.
I really expected great things when I made reservations at the Fairmont Chicago.
Given its reputation ' and price point one would think the staff would work hard to deliver a premium experience ; but I was disappointed several times.
The desk staff mixed up our reservation and we ended with a lesser room than we asked for ; with a window opening into an utterly ugly alley.
To add insult to injury ; our room service breakfast was bland and cold ; delivered by the most unenthusiastic service staff I have ever encountered.
Plus ; the bathroom was awkwardly shaped ; for instance the toilet paper was a very long reach.
Needless to say ; I will not be returning.
Going to the swissotel Chicago was fantastic ! My husband and I got the Bed and Breakfast package which was completely affordable for a great get away from the children ! The room was so spacious and the beds were so cozy ! At night we went to dinner at the hotel restaurant ; the Palm and had an amazing lobster dinner ?the lobsters were huge and worth every cent ! The next morning after a great breakfast ; we asked the concierge for some suggestions and he suggested us go to the Shedd Aquarium.
It was a great decision ?we saw so many beautiful fish ! Overall the swissotel Chicago was a great stay ! My husband and I are planning another trip with the children soon ! This hotel allowed me to experience the best of Chicago.
The central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased ; whether during the day or at night.
It was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work.
Probably one of the best beds I 've ever slept on.
The Italian food that they served at Harry Carey 's reminded me of when I lived in Italy.
Overall a completely amazing experience.
I ca n't wait to book my next stay here.
An excellent vacation destination.
Clean rooms and many nice features.
Superb location and proximity to local attractions.
Staff is always friendly and eager to help.
Highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area.
My wife and I stayed at the allegro this weekend while I was on a business trip.
I was very impressed with their hospitality and my wife very much 'maybe too much enjoyed the in-house spa.
Rooms service was a bit slow but ; overall great hotel would stay again.
http : 'www.swissotelchicago.com - I stayed in the Swissotel in-between flights ; and overall the experience was unpleasant.
Despite being very tired from my travels ; the city-noise completely penetrated the obviously thin walls and kept me up all night.
The next morning ; I had to find to find a cab to get me to Midway Airport ' it was way too far away to walk with luggage ; and while in the middle of explaining directions to me ; the concierge left me to talk to another customer.
Conrad Chicago ?Having read the reviews ; I had very high expectations for this hotel ; but it was mediocre at best.
The location is very good indeed ' one block from Mag Mile ; but that 's it.
I booked a room with " a view " and as it turned out ; the " view " was of the building next to the hotel ; no joke ! Besides that ; the TV was n't working ; so I called the manager and their solution was to " downgrade " me to another room.
Frankly it was better to move to a cheaper room ; because " the view " was clearly not worth paying for ; but still ; it was a very poor handling of the situation.
Both rooms were large and clean and the bathroom was OK ; but there was so much noise from the street that I actually had a hard time trying to sleep.
Breakfast was largely overpriced ' I spent around $ 30 and so was parking.
Staff was cold most of the time and the manager did n't even apologize for the room change.
Frankly for the price they charge I expected much more.
Next time I go to Chicago ; I will look for other hotels where I can get more from my money.
I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago ; gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable.
While it might be more expensive than your average hotel .... but there is nothing average in this hotel.
Exceeds any expectations - service ; food ; quality ; atmosphere were heads above anywhere.
Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best.
Conrad Chicago ?Very nice stay overall.
I was upgraded on check-in and got a large room on 12th floor.
Confortable bed ; large TV and decent desk for work.
Wi-Fi was included.
The bathroom had bath and shower separated and the shower had a strong water flow ; which I appreciate.
I ate breakfast in the hotel three times and it was very tasty ; with lots of variety.
I am Brazilian and was surprised to see Pao de Queijo being served in an American hotel.
: A bit pricey though.
The location is top-notch ; one block from Mag Mile on Michigan Ave.
If you want to spend a lot of time ' and money shopping ; this is the place to be.
Tip : if you are traveling on business ; check if there is a conference room on your floor before reservation ; because not all floors have ' mine dindn 't.
Pros : good VFM ; location ; great service Cons : noisy I would certainly stay again ! I have to admit ; I was a little leery about visiting Chicago due to my mild agoraphobia ; but after a family member reserved a room at the Hotel Allegro Chicago ; my fears were slightly assuaged.
A few friends of mine had stayed in this hotel before ; and had nothing but positive things to say.
With this new-found optimism in mind ; I went forward on my journey in confidence.
I have to say ; I was not let down.
From the moment I stepped into the lobby ; I felt at home.
The concierge called bellboys to move our luggage from the taxi to our rooms ; and the check-in process was fast and efficient.
The rooms themselves are incredibly homey ; feeling less like a hotel room and more like the guest room at a millionaire 's mansion.
The high comfort level coupled with prompt service when requesting items such as extra pillows and towels ; really helped alleviate my apprehensions about staying in Chicago ; and provided a secure place to stay at night ; or whenever I did not feel like participating with the group.
Of course ; the rooms are second only to the overall feel of the hotel.
I found myself spending less of my downtime in my room and more of it wandering around the building.
Overall it 's very cozy ; and has a certain old-world feeling to it ; once again lending to it feeling less like a hotel and more like a mansion at times.
It was never overwhelmingly crowded ; and the people I did encounter were incredibly friendly ; yet not intrusive.
I do n't usually enjoy staying in hotels ; but I love the Allegro Chicago ! I went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel.
I opted for the Business Plan ; although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from ; such as the Allergy Friendly ; Monarch Suite ; State Suite ; all the way up to the Presidential Suite.
My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort ; equipped with Wi-Fi ; a generous 37 inch television ; spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body.
I dined at the Stetson 's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared.
The staff was curtious and accommodating.
For breakfast ; I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong ; gourmet coffee.
I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay.
My fiance and I had taken a trip to Chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to Downtown ; so he chose the Amalfi Hotel ; located conveniently to everything we needed.
This place was phenomenal ! He chose a romantic getaway package ; as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever.
The hotel is super clean and very chic ; the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb.
We were able to bring along our dog ; which was also really important to us.
The first day we were there ; we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple 's massage.
The masseuses come straight to your room so it 's really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great.
After our massages ; we went to the Keefer Steakhouse ; which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic.
They do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the Rocket grill ; which was nice as well.
In all ; our 3 nights there were pretty similar ; we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there ; I 've recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the Windy City.
My husband and I recently went to Chicago for my Aunt 's funeral.
We are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town.
We were told to stay at the Ambassador East Hotel.
I wish we could say that our experience there was a good one ; but sadly ; it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had.
Upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms ; but when we entered our king suite a very strong ; musty smell greeted us on the other side.
At first I thought I was just being sensitive ; but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved.
The smell was too overwhelming.
The front desk said they would be happy to move us ; but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds ; rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved.
While this was not exactly what we wanted ; we did n't really have a choice to refuse.
After transfering to the new room and getting settled ; we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work.
While this did not bother my husband too much ; I was very annoyed ; as I need the mirror while I use my hair dryer ; curling iron ; etc.
I absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again ; so I simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed.
They also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom ; so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels ; BOTH DAYS we were there ! Each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests.
For what we paid to stay at this hotel ; we were not impressed at all.
The customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par.
If you are ever in Chicago ; do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
Great Hotel ! The staff is friendly ; corteous ; and professional.
They made me feel like I was a returning guest which I was not ' but I will be !.
The rooms were very clean and I slept well in the comfy bed.
They have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that I took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside.
My only issue was the battery for the TV remote died.
However ; a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about 2 minutes ! 5 stars ! I stayed at the InterContinental in Chicago for my visit to set up my Daughter 's wedding.
Nina ' Our Daughter stated this was the place where all the higher echilon gets hitched ! Well I do n't understand why at all.
Upon arrival we checked in and met Nina at the " The Bar " ' how innovative and had a light supper.
The food was like airline food and cold.
The waiter was annoying and in your face when he could clearly see we were not ready to have our food taken yet.
When he finally came with the check we thought " our light supper " was all too pricey.
Then we were supposed to meet the sales manager Erin in the Lobby at 8 : 00 PM sharp.
Not sharp enough.
At 8 : 15 a worker came over to us and stated that Erin had an emergency and would n't be able to meet with us tonight.
Well that is just great.
Over $ 300 for a night and supper that would obviously be wasted.
No more money will be spent here ; I will Guarentee that.
Sincerely Mr. and Mrs. Scott Grander Louisville ; KY I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had ! Firstly ; the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there ; they looked dingy or just plain dirty.
Second ; I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning ; hence I slept in late.
I put the " Do Not Disturb " sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean.
Obviously ; the room service lady ca n't read.
Third ; and worst of them all ; when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece.
Well ; the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved ; there was a big dent in the driver 's door of my 2010 Mustang ! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that.
In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own ! The only thing I liked there was the food and it was n't even all that.
I was so disappointed and so I 'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation.
I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Conrad Chicago Hotel ; located on North Rush Street.
As part of the Hilton hotel chain ; I was confident that I would have a positive experience.
Unfortunately ; from the time I walked in the door until the time I checked out ; I was plagued with nothing but problems.
When I walked into the hotel ; I was not greeted by the concierge ; which is usually a bad sign.
' He was reading a newspaper. '
Then ; when I announced that I was holding a reservation ; they desk clerk was unable to find it.
I had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system ; but they could not find the room I had reserved.
Finally ; they assigned me a room ; but it was smaller than I had originally requested and it had a bad odor.
I was very disappointed with the room and its decor.
The room smelled of stale smoke ; even though it was on a non-smoking floor.
The bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom.
I had to keep checking to make sure I was really at the Conrad Chicago.
Surely ; this was not the way the Hilton chain operates ! There continued to be problem throughout my stay.
I asked for a wake-up call and it was 15 minutes late ; which had me scurrying around so I could make my business meeting.
I ordered breakfast to be brought to my room ; and it never showed up -- at all ! And the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm ; so my shower was short and unsatisfying.
I decided to check out of the Conrad Chicago a day earlier than originally planned because I was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues.
Upon my return home ; I wrote a letter to the hotel manager ; but never received a reply.
Because they refused to acknowledge that I had problems ; I will not be staying at the Conrad Chicago again ; and will avoid all Hilton Hotels in the future.
Millennium ' I stayed at the Millennium in Chicago for a few days last month.
Unfortunately ; it was n't the luxury vacation I was hoping for.
Things started off kind of rocky right from when I checked in.
The hotel did n't have my Hotwire reservation on record.
Then when I ordered room service for dinner it took over an hour for them to deliver my food.
Though the accommodations were pretty nice ; it was n't worth the steep price I was paying for my suite.
Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful.
My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite -- absolutely exquisite ! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room.
' Except to go to the gym : I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room ! I was surprised by that.
This hotel was the definition of ' luxury ; they had anything we needed and more.
My fiancee said we were staying at a really ' nice hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door.
As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor.
I have to admit ; cheesy as it may sound ; I felt like a queen all weekend long : Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at ; but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.
I visited the Hotel Allegro Chicago while I was on vacation with my daughter.
I booked the room and was very excited because the website alludes to a very lavish interior with amenities far superior to the surrounding hotels.
I was particularly excited there was a fitness center because I work out on a regular basis and I would not have to give that up on my vacation.
Let me start by saying the staff was very rude and I was very dissappointed they could not respect that I was very tired after traveling a very long way.
I booked the hotel stay for over a week ; which was very expensive ; and that seemed to not matter to them at ALL ; despite that fact that I was travelling with a small child as well ! They did nothing to accommodate me ; and the woman at the front desk even refused rudely to take my calls or answer any questions about nearby restaraunts insisting that even though she worked there she " did n't know the area " To tope it all off ; the fitness center was under construction so I never got to use it.
Worst hotel experience of my life ; I will never go back.
- Sandy D.
The Hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay ' i.e. nightmare at the Palmer House Hilton.
I arrived 3 days before the National Restaurant Association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business.
When I arrived I was greeted or really snarled at by the Clerk.
This lady ' if one can really call this beast that was aggressive and rude from the get go.
She made a snide comment on the number of bags I had and it was downhill from there.
My guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that I had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation.
I informed " Brenda " that I had never cancelled my reservation.
We had originally booked 2 rooms ' one for me and one for colleague and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later.
She huffed and puffed and finally said ; oh okay ; I read it wrong but we do n't have a room for you.
My room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day.
As a Hilton Honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain ; I was furious.
She said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked.
She left the front desk and was gone for almost 20 minutes ; coming back with a smirk on her face.
She informed me that I had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory 100 %.
The first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the Chicago downtown ; closer to the airport or that I could go with another room they had ; a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in 3 or 4 days.
I was outraged.
No ; I 'm sorry and certainly the options were horrible.
I ended up taking the smoking room where I barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells.
Additionally ; there was no upgrade at all during my stay there.
I was not offered anything to make up for my troubles ; their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call.
The net outcome : I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I 'm thinking of shredding my Hilton Honors card.
Do n't make the mistake of dealing with this property.
You will be very ; very sorry.
Thanks for reading all this.
Hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel.
Great hotel ! The staff is very friendly and helpful.
The room was in perfect shape ; very clean and just a beautiful setup.
I will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area ! I would definetly recommend it ! During my recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago ; I was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff.
To start off ; the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms.
Hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings ; I had hoped to spend a quiet night in.
My neighbors ; however ; watching what I can only imagine was a Real House Wives of New Jersey marathon on full volume ; destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance.
When I asked the concierge to address the issue ; he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job.
As I visited the gym ; I found their " state-of-the-art " StayFitTM gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills ; weights and yoga mats.
The water in the cooler was quite warm ; and the workout towels were stained and tattered.
Finally ; all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds.
Hilton Chicago - I stayed at Hotel Hilton in Chicago in June last year ; when I was on a holiday with friends.
It was a very disappointing experience.
We reached close to midnight and there was no one at the reception area to attend to us although we had pre-booked our rooms online a week before the arrival.
We had to wait for almost an hour before we finally checked-in.
The rooms were unkempt and the beds were not organized.
It was shocking to find the sheets on the bed dirty and our request to get them changed was not answered for a couple hours.
The television set in the room although was a latest model simply did not work.
The bathroom attached along with the room was not up to the mark and looked unhygienic.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely not come back.
I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Chicago back in September and we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel.
The place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm ! Also ; there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance ; so I shopped while my husband worked.
It just does n't get any better than that ! I loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel ; and I 'd definitely stay there again ! The Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure.
Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable ; but the food in the restaurant was exquisite.
Not to mention the perfect service from the resort 's employees ! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs.
I 'm naturally a fitness freak ; so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor.
Best of all ; it was available to guests at any time ; day or night.
The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area ; so it was n't a far walk to scope out the shops.
The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up.
It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life.
I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave.
Any time that I make my way back to Chicago ; you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago.
I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling.
great hotel.
went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time.
The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at.
Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery.
Great staff and wonderfull food as well ; i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work.
I was very satisfied after staying at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
The service was excellent ; as the staff was very helpful and polite.
The beds were very comfortable ; and the rooms were very spacious.
I will definitely be returning to this hotel.
I stayed at the the Conrad Chicago Hotel last winter with my family and I could n't be happier with are choice.
The staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home.
I loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city.
I would never stay here again.
For a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel ; it can not even provide the most basic amenities and services.
I would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel.
The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained.
- Review of the Hard Rock Hotel- I find that the Hard Rock Hotel ; located in Chicago ; has extrodinary scenary.
The hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking.
Hungry ? Visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables.
The hotel also host events such as ballet ; fun in the bar and a dj to name a few.
This hotel is definitely worth your while.
I will most definitely visit again.
Book your reservation as soon as possible and do n't forget your camera ! I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say ; it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city.
In the past ; I 've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I 'd go with a boutique hotel.
I 've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco.
Basically ; I like the friendly ; real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I 've used before.
I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use.
South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants.
I really dug the complimentary coffee ; high speed internet and newspaper.
I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service.
All in all ; I will return to the Monaco.
It 's a great alternative.
Talbott Hotel - Talbott hotel is like our home away from home.
Whenever we visit chicago ; we stay there only.
It is close to Michigan Ave and the famed Water Tower.
The price is an excellent factor considering the amenities provided.
During our last stay ; the staff was very helpful ; they upgraded our room to king size considering our repetitive stay.
The rooms are spacious ; clean and bright.
I would highly recommend Talbott.
' Hilton Chicago- When we arrived at the Hilton Chicago we expected a reasonably nice chain hotel for our stay in Chicago.
The price online seemed pretty reasonable and the location seemed to be pretty good.
Oh were we wrong.
We were nickled and dimed at every turn.
Parking is ridiculous even for a city at $ 45 a day for self parking.
They advertise free wifi but read the fine print and realize that is only in the lobby or shell out a hundred extra for business class rooms.
I felt like I was still in the airport being charged for every little thing.
The hotel itself is the hotel equivalent of a McMansion : it tries hard to look like something high class but a second glance shows a somewhat pedestrian lobby space that has high vaulted ceilings and faux paintings to pretend to be a true luxury hotel.
The room itself was reasonably sized ; for a lower end hotel.
When I am paying up for a Hilton I expect more than the bare bones.
Our room had a view of an alley.
When we asked to be switched to a lake view room we were told the upgrade would be an additional fee.
They also say they are centrally located but central to what ? The hotel is near Grant Park but any other part of the city is an L ride away at least.
While the L is fantastic ; a city like Chicago is best observed by walking ; though it would be best if you avoid breaking a sweat or you will need to rinse off in the phone booth sized shower.
Overall the Hilton provides a hardly passable experience where you will walk away feeling like your pocket was picked for a weak product.
I would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are.
For my wife and I ; we enjoy the warmer colors.
Cleanliness along with excellent staff ; made me feel away from home yet relaxed.
Being right Downtown was perfect for location.
The suites are very quiet as well.
I surprised my wife with the " Shopping Package " .
What a hit ! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown ! My stay at the Sofitel was great.
I loved the location it was in.
From the moment I arrived the experince was great ; the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too.
I thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable.
The room service was excllent and they were very friendly.
Checkout was a breeze and I couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay.
The Hilton Hotel helped us make the most of our trip to Chicago.
Not only are they centrally located near most of Chi towns hot spots ; but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions.
The Hilton is very classy with their accommodations.
I will be returning at my earliest convenience ; be it for business or pleasure.
Fairmont - I was not impressed with this hotel.
I have stayed at other hotels in the Chicago area in the past and Fairmont Chicago pales in comparison to those.
Upon checking in ; I noticed that the room had not been cleaned and only the bed was made.
Also ; the tables had cigarette burns on it.
Upon inspecting the bathroom ; I found out that the bathroom doors did not close properly.
When I tried to get some work done ; I had trouble with the spotty wi-fi because I kept getting disconnecting after every few minutes.
While the bed was comfortable ; I could not get much sleep due to the street-level noise of vehicles and people.
I would not recommend this hotel at all and will definitely stay at another hotel the next time I 'm in Chicago.
My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago.
For our anniversary ; we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends.
While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city ; the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations.
For starters ; we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive.
However ; the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us.
While the room was certainly adequate ; the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included.
While the latter may seem like a minor offense ; it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality.
Finally ; the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago 's standards.
In summary ; the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price ; I am sure we could of done better.
James Chicago-I did not like my stay at the James.
It was a bit too noisy on the lower floors ' we were fourth ; facing away from the lake ; and the water pressure was not very good on the showers.
The management did try to alleviate the situation with the showerhead ; but they got to our request on the third day of our stay.
The only plus was that the location was pretty good ; we were by the Lake and a couple blocks northeast of the El.
However ; for the price ; it was not worth it.
Allegro Chicago - When planning my last visit to Chicago ; I looked at many hotels but quickly focused on the Allegro mainly because I felt that a 4 star hotel for under $ 200 a night was a very good deal.
And ; after having spent a couple of nights there ; I can assure you it is.
It was a leisure trip ; half to spend time with friends and half to see how the city had changed in the last 2 years since I visited it and so I wanted to try to get a separate living suite so my friends ' who do n't live in the downtown area could spend more time with me.
Choosing the King Suite at the Allegro made this trip a lot easier and more fun.
The separate living suite allowed me to spend more time with my friends after we had hit the bars and clubs ; and they could actually spend the night in my room comfortably.
This was n't possible in pretty much all the other hotels I 've stayed at.
Apart from that ; the hotel is of pretty standard quality as far as 4 star hotels go ; and I could n't tell you much about the location since I like to walk about cities.
However ; the separate living area in a 4 star hotel all for under $ 350 was a great deal ; rooms like that usually go for hundreds more.
I stayed two nights at the Hilton Chicago.
That was the last time I will be staying there.
When I arrived ; I could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking.
They wanted at least $ 10.
What am I paying for when I stay there for the night ? The website also touted the clean linens.
The room was clean and I believe the linens were clean.
The problem was with all of the down pillows etc.
Do n't they know that people have allergies ? I also later found out that this hotel allows pets.
I think that this was another part of my symptoms.
If you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks I suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay.
I did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking.
Beware hidden costs.
I will try somewhere else in the future.
Not worth the money or the sneezing all night.
My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month.
We were celebrating our anniversary ; so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite.
According to the website ; we were to be given either a city or park view ; neither of which we had.
Instead ; our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees.
The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient ; and the man who helped with our bags was the same.
When we got to the room ; the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming.
The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink.
My husband requested that we be given another room ; preferably a clean one ; but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available.
If given the chance ; I would not stay at this hotel again ; even if I were offered a free night.
I really loved my stay at the Talbott.
My room was amazing ! The bathroom ' and I am VERY picky about hotel bathrooms had ample room for all of my stuff ; which is a bonus for me.
The staff treated me really well and they were very friendly.
I was afraid that I 'd get a little lost ; since it was my first trip to Chicago ; but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area ' Rush St. 'Michigan Ave. -- which are ' very close by.
The hotel reminded me of those I 'd stayed at in Europe.
The room service is 24 hours ; which for me ; was a bonus because I am up mostly during the nights.
This is the ' only place I will ever stay if I visit Chicago again.
For a single woman traveling alone to a strange city ; this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable.
What a gorgeous hotel ! From the moment we stepped inside the warm colors of the lobby made us feel welcome at the Sheraton and in Chicago.
The heavenly beds made the view from our room that much better ; and to top it off with great restaurants ; you could n't ask a hotel for more ! Starbucks coffee in the rooms were just an extra touch that guarantees we 'll be back every time we visit Chicago.
I just got back from the Monaco in Chicago ! I was very pleasantly surprised ; as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway ; and he usually picks bad places-haha.
Anyway ; the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated.
It was busy and the line was a little long ; but it moved quickly.
The lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good ; especially since it seemed to be near full.
The room was clean and spacious ' especially considering it 's a city hotel.
We made a lot of use of the concierge ; since again ; it was so last minute we did n't really make any plans.
He gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for Chicago pizza yummy ! It was also great being near the theater district ; and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare.
I thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room ! very trendy.
My husband is not as easily impressed ; but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon.
Overall ; really nice stay in a four star ; or probably four and half star hotel ! This hotel was incredible ! Have n't had a better stay in a hotel in my life.
I will definitely come here again next time I am in Chicago ! The rooms were so elegant ; with their modern color schemes.
The staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand.
The beds were surprisingly comfortable ; with interesting covers.
The TVs were HD ; which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before.
There was a cool martini bar that I spent an hour at one night ; which was enjoyable ; especially because of the live jazz band the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic ; i will rate them a 6 out of 5.
they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.
First off ; do n't get a room on a lower floor ; the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at 6 am.
Then do n't bother going down for breakfast at that time either ; because the restaurant is n't open that early.
When it finally opened ; the breakfast arrived cold and late.
Nothing like congealed eggs to start your day.
The fitness center had no towels and no cups for water.
It was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it.
After my congealed breakfast ; it really was not pleasant.
My entire three day visit was like that.
I tried room service that night ; but again ; service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived.
My high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all.
The furniture was run down and worn.
Pool towels were not always available.
Generally ; for the price I paid ; I would expect better service and a better maintained premises.
Chicago has many wonderful luxury hotels for tourists and business travelers.
When visiting the Windy City ; however ; the Conrad Hotel and Resort is one to avoid.
While the description promises clean accommodations ; luxury amenities ; and " deep soaking tubs ; " in relity ; the rooms fall short of expectations.
I opened the door to my suite to find a musty smell in the room similar to that of an old neglected closet.
A bit disappointed ; I decided to ignore this fact.
Hoping to take a nice long soak after my travels ; I made my way to the bathroom.
While I did find a large ; deep bathtub ; there was a hard water stain giving it a dingy look.
Hardly what I expected for the price I paid for the accommodations.
In the corner of the bathroom ; I found a reminder of a pevious guest ; a clump of blond hair.
The maid service seemed to be lacking.
Not to be deterred from enjoying my stay ; I decided to watch television on the 42 inch flat screen I had been promised.
Unfortunately ; the battery to the remote control was dead.
I called the front desk ; at my wits end ; to complain about the issues ; but was greeted by a desk clerk with a very sassy attitude who seemed to doubt my every word.
Overall ; I would definitely not recommend the Conrad Hotel and Resort in Chicago.
My room was dirty ; the staff was unfriendly ; and the ammenities were few and far between.
On my next stay in Chicago ; I will definitely stay elsewhere.
Conrad Chicago ; " This hotel has a mediocre service.
We ordered for room service and it arrived very late and there was n't an apology also.
The room had no coffee maker and we had to make a trip to the restaurant to have coffee or tea.
The Internet service was free but it did n't make any difference as it was so slow that I used my personal internet dongle to browse the web.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. " 
My husband and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for three nights ; a Thursday through Saturday.
Let me say we were less than pleased with our experience.
We chose to stay in the " King Bed Deluxe Room " and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations.
Upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly ; the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser.
The room was size was average ; and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room.
The major annoyance was how loud people were.
We came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running.
That is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel.
You can expect a loud guest maybe once ; but every night is ridiculous.
The service was also extremely sub par.
We had to wait 20 minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work.
One day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me.
She completely disregarded the sign ; did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in.
It scared me and I 'm just glad I was not getting out of the shower or changing.
So to sum up ; we will never stay at the Conrad again ; we will never recommend it to anyone else ; and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in Chicago.
I would like to add a comment ; maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination.
My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower ; we were amazed.
She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding ; and Sofitel made this happen for her.
They took care of all the invitations ; cake decor ; and so much more.
The special day for my daughter was worth everything.
If you are going to be in the Chicago area ; check them out ; you will not regret it ! I had an awful experience here.
The staff were rude and unhelpful.
It took forever to check in and when I did ; they took a while to even find my reservation.
When I got to the room ; it was marginally clean and when I complained ; they said they were full and could not do anything for me.
I would never go back.
They are obviously not worried about customer service.
This hotel was very overpriced for what you get from staying here.
The Amalfi Hotel Chicago advertises itself as a " luxury hotel " located in downtown Chicago.
Since it is in downtown Chicago ; that means that I had street noises keeping me up most of the night.
My view also suffered.
They had nicer rooms available with better views ; but the markups to stay in them was outrageous ! The room itself was decent ; with clean linens and nice air conditioning ; but I can get that in just about any hotel these days.
There was n't anything particularly luxurious about the hotel to make it a stand-out for me ; but for the price I paid for the room ; I certainly had that expectation.
It was a let down.
Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at.
Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest.
The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation.
There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself.
If it was n't already a bad stay ; I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered.
If they did n't have air conditioning in the room ; I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable.
If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business ; I hope you decide not to choose this hotel.
I was quite surprised ; I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.
Palmer House A Hilton Hotel ?I was hesitant at first to book a room at the Palmer House ; but I decided to give it a try.
Though it was a high class hotel ; I did not find my stay to be worth the price I paid.
My room was not much better than any other average hotel I have stayed at before.
It was a pretty small room especially given the high cost.
The food served at the Lockwood Restaurant was nothing special.
Also ; I thought it was outrageous that I had to make a reservation in order to go to the bar ; especially since I am a paying guest at the hotel.
In the end ; I thought the Palmer House is a nice hotel but definitely not worth the amount of money I paid for my stay.
I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago with my wife.
I was on business but I thought I 'd take her so we could see the city as well.
Chicago was great ; The Allegro ... not so much.
I mean it looked nice ; great lobby and all.
The service was n't so great though.
The clerk was a younger girl who seemed a bit rude.
Like we were bothering her and interrupting her day by wanting to book a weekend.
The bell hop took our bags to our room ; none to gently.
My wife and I watched as he threw our luggage on the floor in our room.
Which was n't that bad till he actually asked for a tip ! Our room was okay.
The bed was sort of rough and made a odd plastic rubbing noise every time you moved.
The next day my wife went out and returned to find our room was n't cleaned.
Our trip to the Chicago had it 's nice moments ; all outside the hotel.
The Hotel Allegro seemed like they spent too much on the appearance and neglected to staff it better.
I wo n't stay there again.
This hotel is overpriced.
One should pay money for luxury ; but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge.
When you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because ; yes ; they do have to make money.
But the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me.
When I got there and went to my room ; I thought that there would be nice colors ; a great view ; and deluxe bedding.
What I got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target -- they were not cheap ; but not that expensive either.
I think I could have found something of this quality at less than the 200ish a night I paid.
My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Chicago and had a very nice stay ! The rooms were large and comfortable.
The view of Lake Michigan from our room was gorgeous.
Room service was really good and quick ; eating in the room looking at that view ; awesome ! The pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it.
Great location for all of the downtown Chicago attractions such as theaters and museums.
Very friendly staff and knowledgable ; you cant go wrong staying here.
The Intercontinental Chicago was not as great an experience as I was expecting it to be.
When I first arrived the front desk staff could not find my reservation in the system.
They then tried to make me book a higher paying room.
I ended up having to ask for the manager ; who conveniently was able to locate a room for me with the same rate.
I was expecting top notch service and class but apparently those services are reserved for the elite.
I was not doted on as I should have been and found that I had long wait times when I placed an order with room service or needed the concierge.
For the price I was paying to stay there I would have thought there would have been more of a catered and personal touch to the service.
Stayed here for two nights and really enjoyed the stay.
The cost was a little bit more than I usually care to spend ; but turned out to be a great value.
Location was walking distance to restaurants and the subway.
Really close to the Miracle Mile and Millennium Park.
Room was large ; cozy ; and beautiful- especially loved the window seats with a great view of the river.
Complementary wine hour and a goldfish in the room made this a special experience ! When I arrived at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in.
This was not the Chicago I was hoping for.In addition to that ; it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website.
The paint was faded and chipped ; there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of.
After we waited for 15 minutes at the front desk ; someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name.
After a long trip ; I 'm sure you know how aggravating that was.
Finally I got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation.
Once we got to our room ; it was very small ; smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood.
Also ; as we were walking to the room in the hallway ; a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place.
To top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night.
All we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask.
It was a nightmare.
Oh yeah ; and the shower did have any hot water.
We complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week.
When we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted.
Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel.
I chose it largely for location as I do n't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city.
It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food ; of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help.
We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk.
Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again.
Our room was amazing.
Seriously amazing.
It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed.
There was n't one little spot of dust to be found.
The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet.
We did n't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious.
We had dinner at David Burke 's Primehouse.
I can not recommend the NY Ribeye more highly.
It was fantastic.
For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake.
I 've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home.
I 'm sad to say that I did n't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit.
The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable.
The staff was friendly ; the hotel beautiful ; and the food delicious.
What more could you want ? I have been stayed in Allegro for two days.
There are not other big prolems but one thing I 'm not satisfied with is the light.
It is dark in the room.
Also in the bathroom ; the light is not good.
I have to open curtains.
I have complained about this to their reception.
They said they will fix it ; but I did not get any response.
I am very disappointed and I will never come back again.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice ; but it certainly does not " exceed expectations " as touted on their website.
Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler.
" Chic but not fussy " is an overstatement.
The room was clean ; although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it had n't been cleaned since the last guest.
There was hand lotion and shampoo samples ; but no soap sample.
The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed.
" Cheap " might have been a better adjective.
Check out was simple and not much hassle.
Overall ; the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch ; but next time ; I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room.
Me and my business associate had a job in Chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features.
We did some research online and came across the Hotel Moncaco.
We decided to stay for 3 nights.
When we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights.
The staff was upstiff ; and did n't not offer much hospitality.
Our room did have a view ; but of the city lights and kept our room bright ; even with the curtains closed.
The beds appeared soft ; but did not offer much comfort.
For what we paid ; we expected more.
While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience ; they fail to deliver.
Unless of course ; a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door.
If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed.
The " A " list celebrities will not be there.
In fact ; it would be rare to find anyone on the " B " list either.
The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert.
The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar.
The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played.
As for the promise of Art Deco ; it must have changed in definition.
Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held.
The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer.
The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description.
Quality service and amenities were severely lacking.
Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain.
Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either.
It is part of you unique experience.
The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago.
It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip.
The atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable ; it has a very modern feel.
The rooms were very well designed ; and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means.
The pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable.
We planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the Swissotel Chicago.
Our fun time was not exactly that.
Upon arriving for our weekend getaway ; we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite ; did not mean a thing.
Apparently ; there were none of the kids suites available.
The kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room : coloring ; video games ; etc.
No one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available.
Whatever.
So ; we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available.
Guess what ? We spent the whole weekend in the same room.
Yes ; the staff apologized ; but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it.
Other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly ; the rooms were clean.
We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel ; but I will not be booking a room here again.
The staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all.
Conrad Chicago ; " I stayed in this hotel when I went to Chicago for vacation and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
The ambience in the bedroom was way better than the other hotels that I have visited.
The bathroom was spacious and had a big tub.
They had separate commode room as well.
Too bad the hotel did n't have a spa or a pool.
They provide free in-room internet service which is a plus.
The Terrace restaurant was decent but it did n't have much vegetarian options.
The concierge was very helpful in recommending the places to visit nearby.
The hotel is located at a perfect place in the middle of Magnificent Mile ; very close to Michigan Ave which has a lot of wonderful shops.
All in all a very good stay and worth the money I paid. " 
The Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences.
If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia ; do not expect any measure of customer service and do n't expect great accommodations ; even at their high prices.
When we arrived our reservation was lost ; then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available.
The furnishings in the room were cheaply made ; the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel 's L shaped corridor.
I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time.
Two hours later someone came.
The dining hall and reception areas were really nice ; but again ; unless you 're a large group do n't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia.
Even if you could ; the prices would n't be worth it.
My stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was a pleasant one.
I loved being able to take a quick stroll to Michigan Ave for some shopping.
I also loved the Pump Room.
What a fun place to hang out and enjoy a Blood Mary.
The front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost.
They found me a room immediately even though the city was book up.
I thought the rooms were clean and well maintained.
The shampoo was great and I decided to take it home with me.
I am looking forward to another stay at the Ambassador EAst in the spring when I return to Chicago.
I selected The Talbott for my recent family vacation to Chicago.
We chose the hotel for it 's close proximity to Navy Pier and otherwise central location.
In retrospect ; the phrase " location ; location ; location " apparently does not apply to hotels.
It 's a good thing the location was so great ; because just about everything that happened inside the hotel was bad.
Upon our arrival ; our room was not ready.
The clerk could have been nicer about the whole situation ; and told us simply that " we would have to wait " without offering any sort of help with our luggage or a timetable for when our room would be ready.
When we finally arrived in the room ; the sheets were not clean.
A call to housekeeping proved difficult ; as I do not speak Spanish.
The second day of our trip ; housekeeping never showed to clean the room despite the presence of our " please service " sign hung on the door.
We stayed in for some room service after a long afternoon on Michigan Ave.
When the food finally arrived a full hour after placing our order ; it was cold and not very good.
Despite these poor impressions ; the management was unwilling to compromise on price at checkout.
My call to corporate headquarters was answered by a call center in Mumbai.
They will not receive my business again.
conrad - The conrad is a terrific hotel ! When I booked my room ; I specifically asked them for a lower floor because I have fear for the heights ; and they were really considerate in giving me a lower floor room with an excellent view.
The room was larger than I expected and was very clean ; and I could not be happier with what they gave me.
Would come again.
Extravagant ; Exuberant Experience ! Our stay at Hotel Allegro was very enjoyable.
The intoxicating views made the get-away much more relaxing ; as well as the exceptional room service.
The rooms were very decorative and well above par.
I very much enjoyed the complimentary tea.
I Would highly recommend Hotel Allegro as a must stay vacation get-away.
" Classy " ; " Decent " and " Serene " . these words clearly define the totality of my stay at the talbott hotel in the heart of chicago.
the hustle and bustle of the city did little to affect the conducive atmosphere for relaxation provided by this posh hotel.
the lounge was so welcoming and flashes of smiles from every angle.the staff from the bell-boy to the managers were polite ; helpful and responsive to my needs.
the room service was classy and to cap it all the beds were just as comfortable as back home ; making the talbott a home away from home.
my wife and i enjoyed the t-rex experience and learnt a lot about the city of chicago and what it has got to offer.
believe me we will return with the kids because the talbott is family oriented and friendly to kids.
it felt very safe.
anytime we are in chicago the talbott is gonna be our home away from home ! I expected a bit more from the Hyatt Regency Chicago I stayed at recently.
I was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in.
The linens were not clean ; the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left ; and there was a lock on the door that did n't function.
The turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and I think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper ; again with out leaving a spare.
I would not stay there again.
Traveler beware ! Hyatt Regency Hotel : Good ole Downtown ; Chicago.
Hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers.
Well ; when we got to our room ; one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times.
Upon setting up the channel scanning which ; the reception came in fuzzy all around ; there was an interattive ethernet feature that after ; lost in confusion of how to work it ; provided us with our first fee ! The pool was in bad shape.
The maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities ..  just knock knock knock.
We let em right in as they started vacuuming.
One of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the Gideon 's Bible had crib notes.
What a room ! Not to mention what the hotel was like ! Oh geez.
The Palmer House Hlton Hotel has to be the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Chicago.
I went to Chicago on a business trip for a meeting.
When I arrived once I walked in ; the lobby was beautiful ; I could n't hardly wait to see my room.
The rooms were just as nice ; the bathroom was immaculate ! We had a meeting in the Clark Meeting Room ; even that was nice ! I wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself ! I was there for about 3 days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like ; Grant Park ; Lake Michigan ; Mag Mile which is a shopping heaven ; and the Navy Pier ; it never really like the normal stressed out meetings.
I love Chicago and I now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while I 'm in town.
Hard Rock Hotel Chicago - Location ; location ; location.
Shopping ; restaurants ; and Chicago attractions did n't require driving to get to.
The room was well maintained and had nice furniture.
I really liked my comfy king sized bed and cushy pillows.
Friendly staff and nice amenities were also plus.
I would stay at this hotel again.
After arriving at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel I was greeted with rudeness and snubery.
My room reservations had been double booked ; and instead of the suite I expected ; I was given a much smaller guest room.
Instead of having a concierge I had cockroaches.
The dining left me wishing for fast food.
The bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer.
I was not pleased with my recent stay at the Palmer House Hilton.
My room was not ready upon my arrival and the room I was given was not what I had requested.
I had requested a room with 2 queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that.
The air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off.
The room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up.
I wondered what had happened in the room before I got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener.
There was no doorman available or a cart so I had to lug my 3 suitcases by myself by dragging 2 of them about 20 feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items.
Luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance.
My room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff.
They promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after 3 calls to the front desk I finally gave up.
I had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that I spent to stay there.
If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile ; the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option.
First of all ; the " central " location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier ' which this hotel claims to be the " official " hotel of and to the shops on the Mile.
Secondly ; the hotel is small - only 215 rooms ; most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area.
Thirdly ; they have one restaurant and one lounge ; both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel.
Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel.
One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia ! Last week ; I booked a ' Deluxe Suite at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend stay in Chicago.
I took the ' Retreat and Relax package deal.
The wait to check in was intolerably long ; because they were letting some people check in with a dog.
I 'm allergic to dogs ; and I 'm sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in.
They insisted on escorting me to to my room ; every time I came in ; like I was going to break into another guest 's room or something.
I swear ; anytime I was out of my room they were watching me like hawks ; asking me if I needed anything.
You know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you 're up to something.
I went to the pool ; but it was full of screaming children.
When I went to bed ; I could hear the television in the next room through my wall.
And what 's worse ; they would n't even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress.
They threatened to throw me out on the street ; after I gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars ! I had to go outside -- probably where the dog went to piddle -- to do it.
Also ; their on-site restaurant is too expensive ; given that you 're already paying an arm and a leg for the room.
The food should be free ! I would n't stay here again ; it was a waste of my money.
Omni Chicago Hotel ?Stayed here for a 2 nights while attending a business-related conference.
Room and bathroom were clean spacious and contained all the usual amenities ; though my room surprisingly lacked a coffee machine.
Free wifi was provided : a necessity for any business traveller planning to catch up on some work.
The continental breakfast had a wide selection of options ; from fresh fruit and cereal to hot scrambled eggs and bacon -- one of the best free breakfast options I have seen in a hotel.
Would definitely stay here again.
Palmer House a Hilton Hotel - Here 's a PSA : if you enjoy peace and quiet ; do NOT stay at the Chicago Hilton.
Going in ; I did n't know the place allowed pets ; and I got stuck next to a family that had brought their dog.
Forget street noise - I could n't hear the cars over all the barking.
I complained ; but management said all their basic rooms were full so I 'd have to pay for an upgrade to a suite if I wanted to move.
The bed was comfortable enough ; but there were some stains on the comforter when I got there.
At least management did n't try to charge me to fix THAT issue.
The pillows were a bit over-plump as well.
As for location ; there are some tourist spots nearby ; but some of the places I wanted to see were a decent distance away.
The zoo and the Museum of Science are too far to walk to ; so if you want to check those places out ; you 'll have to bring your car and pay the hotel 's sky-high parking prices ; pay for a taxi ; or figure out Chicago 's public transportation system.
Bit of a hassle ; really.
On the plus side ; the hotel definitely impressed in the looks department : my room was nicely decorated and the hotel 's ballrooms were gorgeous.
When it comes down to it ; though ; in the future ; I 'd just rather spend my money on a comfortable room in a convenient location ; rather than a pretty ; " landmark " tourist trap.
This hotel was wonderful.
My room was clean and the staff was courteous.
The food provided by the restaurant was exceptional.
This was on of the best hotel stays ; ive experienced.
I highly suggest this hotel to others.
Although the Architecture of the hotel is quaint ; that is about the only positive of this terible hotel.
The guest services were unhelpful at best ; and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful.
And as for the rooms ; small ; cramped ; and it seemed as if the sheets had n't been cleaned in the last 5 years.
My stay here was distasteful ; and I never intend to return ; except to ask for my money back.
Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago - I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights several weeks ago.
Overall ; it was a very comfortable experience for me.
The staff at the front desk were very courteous.
They were able to upgrade me from a standard room to one of their junior suites ; which was a pleasant surprise.
Instead of just a single room ; there was an elegant sitting area sectioned off by a half-wall to the right of the bed ; which helped the area feel spacious.
To the left of the bed was an AMAZING bathroom ; I loved the rainshower system ! Very relaxing.
Housekeeping did an outstanding job keeping my room clean ; and room service was very prompt.
My only dislike about the place is that they charge for wireless internet access ; but that is standard for high-end hotels like the Millennium Knickerbocker.
After a one night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I must say that while I loved Chicago I will never go back to this hotel.
The problems started in the parking lot ; yup before I even got in.
There was very little parking available and the area was filled with garbage ; broken glass and kids hanging out looking for trouble.
Upon first entrance the hotel seemed nice but all that changed as we got into the elevator to go up to the room.
The elevator made all kinds of noise and the door slammed shut on my arm as I was trying to get the bags out.
The hall smelled of smoke and the carpets were warn and dirty looking.
When in the room we found that one of the curtains would not pull closed ; the heater whistled and when I called the front desk to ask for assistance and fresh pillows I was hung up on.
This was only the beginning of our terrible stay.
Guests where in the hall and banging on walls all night long.
The maids started running vacuums before 8 am and seemed to feel that the best way to do it was by hitting the vacuum on the wall with each pass.
We could not check out soon enough ! We called around and found another hotel to stay in for the remainder of our trip.
Hard Rock Hotel - I spent two nights at the Hard Rock Hotel during the week of Thanksgiving ; and to be honest ; it did not meet my expectations.
The pictures online made the rooms look huge ; but when I arrived ; my room was no bigger than your average 4-star hotel room.
The bathroom was clean ; but again average ; there was no luxury shower ; the toilet was cramped up against the end of the sink vanity ; and the sink itself was fairly shallow.
The hotel is in a nice location ; but even on a Thursday night the streets below will boast noise loud enough to keep you awake.
Anyway ; it 's not a bad hotel ; but it 's not as exciting as you would guess.
Hyatt Regency Chicago - When I first arrived at the Hyatt Regency I was concerned because of the size of my room ; but I was happily surprised.
There was more than enough space.
The beds were comfortable ; and the location in the center of Chicago is amazing.
For only $ 150 a night ; this was a real steal.
The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels I have stayed at in a while.
At almost $ 500 a night ; one would expect.
Traveling with my wife ; I expected to pay the cost of the room ; already being outrageous ; but then I was hit with another $ 20 charge for her to stay.
Even with a King bed ; they only figure in one person to their cost.
The beds were average and although there was much to do ; everything cost an arm or a leg.
It was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away.
All in all for the amount of money that I was paying on a per night basis ; if I was in Chicago for any longer than that one night ; I definitely would have stayed somewhere else.
I guess you live and you learn ; its just a shame that I had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations.
After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels ; I can definitely say i will be coming back.
They offer so many in room amenities and services ; Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be.
My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered ; I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
When I first made reservations at The Palmer House Hilton ; I was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website.
Little did I know it was going to be a total disaster.
First off ; my husband and I could n't find the place.
It was our first time in Chicago after all.
And when I would call for directions ; they just kept putting me on hold.
When my husband and I finally arrived ; the bus boy was extremely rude.
After man-handling our luggage ; he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip.
Talk about arrogant.
The front desk clerk was a little too pushy.
My husband and I were only staying one night just to attend my sister 's wedding ; but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room.
The room itself was okay ; decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you 're worth.
They even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the " snack bar " and ordered a movie that I 've never even heard of ! Completely unprofessional.
I will never ; I repeat ; NEVER stay at this hotel ever again.
Homewood Suites - Wonderful stay at the Homewood Suites Hilton ! Great location ; within walking distance to the Magnificent Mile.
Clean room and attentive staff.
Take time to visit the pool as it has a great view of the cityscape.
Would definitely stay here again next time I am in Chicago.
I had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice ; cause I had never been there ; so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it.
No big deal ; right ? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away ...  two hours later I 'm still sitting in the lobby ! Finally I get to my room to try and relax.
Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower.
I went into the bathroom ...  no towels ; wash cloths ; nothing.
I called down to the front desk and asked for some ; about an hour later someone came up with one.
Maybe they were just really busy ? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN ! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it ! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it ! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip.
Two thumbs down ! I had high hopes for the Ambassador East Hotel ; I really did.
It seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access.
I arrived to the hotel on a Tuesday afternoon.
I was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in.
I could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck ; doing nothing.
As I walked in ; nobody greeted me ; and nobody offered to take my bags.
The hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated ; with a fine covering of dust.
I went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys ; all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer.
I got to my room ; and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking ; there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway.
Having paid extra for an upgraded room ; I was extremely disappointed by the condition inside.
The drinking glasses were filthy ; the towels smelled of mold ; and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can.
The television was a basic CRT that looked to be about fifteen years old ; and there was no channel guide ; though I suppose I did n't need one for the six channels that it had.
I had heard good things about the food at the Ambassador East hotel ; but alas ; there was no respite here.
The room service that I ordered took forty minutes to arrive ; and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done.
Elsewhere in the hotel things were no better.
Everywhere I went ; from the pool to the bar ; the staff was hasty ; rude ; and completely uninterested ; and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated.
I really wanted to like the Ambassador East Hotel ; but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out.
I recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago.
Sure ; it looks nice ; but it 's really just a smoke screen.
I went to the clerk to check in and she was VERY rude to me.
I was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that I need to go find a phone book and ask someone else.
She also encoded my key wrong ; so I had to have it redone.
I finaly get to my room ; only to discover it was a mess.
The sheets were thrown on the floor ; the curtains were wide open and to top it all off ; the toliet had n't been flushed.
It was horrible.
I called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up ; but I was told they were on break.
Whatever thoguh ; I cleaned up myself.
The night progresses and I awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door.
Some guy said that I was in HIS room.
It baffled me ; but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up.
They had given his the wrong room.
I could n't take one more day of all the bull.
I checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to Chicago.
I would NOT recommend this hotel to ANYONE.
My stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago was an amazing experience ! The staff were helpful and considerate ; always there to tend to my needs.
My suite was extremely clean ; and had all the amenities that I could ask for.
I almost did n't want to leave my room ; because it was so nice.
But in the end I did ; because the hotel is situated in such a great area ; that I had to go out and see some of the sites.
This hotel has wonderful rooms and service ; and is in a really great area.
I suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in Chicago.
Fantastic stay ! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean.
I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference.
Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm.
Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door.
They are the best I 've ever had.
EVER ! If youre in the mood to unwind ; you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around.
I had a great time here.
From now on ; I wo n't stay anyplace else.
The pictures on this website sure are deceiving ! In real life the Palmer House Hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be ! The cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning ! Now ; granted it was only 15 minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but I thought that was the only weird thing I would have to put up with on that trip.
It was n't ! They charged us for a mini-bar fee when we do n't even drink ; no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway ! They also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time ; so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip.
We had to spend $ 50 extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we 'd planned ! And then it was n't as good because the tour guide was n't there and we got lost ! My husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one.
It was terrible ! I certainly wo n't be staying here again ! I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a fun weekend in Chicago.
The standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable.
I love a hotel with all white sheets because then I know it 's clean.
I really liked the simple and modern decor ; especially the huge upholstered headboard.
Nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter.
The bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home.
The staff was friendly.
Ca n't really judge the service because I did n't have any problems or complaints.
So I did n't have a reason to interact with the staff much.
Overall ; it was a very nice hotel in a great location.
Will definitely stay here again on my next visit.
I stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation.
All I can say is WOW ! A fantastic experience all around.
First off ; the hotel is magnificent ; the lobby 'entreway is jaw dropping to say the least.
Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks ; to the cleaning staff ; to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly.
The rooms themselves are fantastic ; perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation.
The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for ! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years ! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours.
As usual ; it had wifi ; which was ultra cheap and very very fast.
Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton ! The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is a wonderful hotel.
I had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished I could have stayed for longer.
The staff is so nice and helpful.
They really treat you like a VIP and are there to help with any questions you might have.
The rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home.
In my room I had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection.
Did I say IN the room ? I did n't even have to leave or order something on the television.
It was nice to shower with their AVEDA products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me.
While staying in for the night I was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel.The bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean ! In the morning I was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage.
Yes ... ordered.
They came to my room and I did n't even have to leave.
Very comfy ! This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed in and I travel a lot for business so I would know.You always have high expectations when you 're staying at hotels and I 'm pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded.
I 'm recommending this hotel to everyone I know that will be staying in the Chicago area.
I will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because I just did n't want to leave ! I would rate this hotel 5 out of 5 stars.
Upon entering my hotel room at The Palmer House Hilton I immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom.
After placing my bags on a poorly made bed I walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet.
I immediately called room service and asked for a new room.
They apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess.
After oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door.
She seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if I should have been the one dealing with it.
After the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip.
I hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room.
I thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod.
Yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor.
And nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air.
When I was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own.
If I wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa.
After giving up on a nice television program I decided to retire to bed.
Egyptian sheets ? Right ! All I can say is I found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour.
If you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel.
Swissotel Chicago : Do n't let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you.
This hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect.
Firstly ; the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality.
For example ; the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it 's support after trying to open them for a city view.
The bedroom bed ' King-sized makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make.
Of coarse ; this is n't too bad once you fall asleep ; until then ; it sucks ! In regards to room services ; the hotel workers are not all that friendly.
They talk to you in a stubborn way ; as if they just want to get it done and over with ; just to get their pay-check.
Yes they do all basic room service orders ; but it is not all too friendly.
Overall ; this hotel has it 's much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has ' which is a bare minimum.
With that being said ; I would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown Chicago area in need for at least average hotel services.
However ; if sub-par service and quality is okay for you ; then this hotel could be suitable ; however ; considering it 's prices ; you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms.
