1,1,We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated; our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that; and by bedtime on the first night; we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming; but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks; we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels; this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return.
1,0,The Good - excellent location; neighborhood is pretty and quiet; close to shops; restaurants; the waterfront; close to train/subway station; etc The Bad - Very old decor; which isn't a big deal; but the tv was smaller than my PC monitor. We were supposed to have a king bed (anniversary trip) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened. The shower/tub was stopped up so bad that after I showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower. Who wants to shower in someone else's dirty water even if it is your wife. The indifferent - room was a decent size; bed linens were okay; staff was mediocre to marginally rude
1,1,I had a large; roomy; clean 2 bed room with a large bathroom; big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise. Customer Service here was absolutely incredible; from the doorman to the front desk; to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when I requested it. Sure; you get a little outside noise; but it is a big city; that is not unusual! I really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it.
1,1,I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant; to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated; with large flat-screen TV's; beautiful linens; and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel. Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago); however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park; the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse); and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall; I'd stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop; or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks.
1,0,Great; awesome service. Seriously; the people are amazing. That; and the nice bartender who serves after last call (at least; that's what I was told - I of course don't drink) save this place from one star. But seriously blah; small; non-luxury rooms with beds that are just really uncomfortable - and for a card rate of $725/night; even in a major city; the rooms better be awesome. I've had waaaay better rooms in NYC for $350/night. (Good thing I had a corporate rate.) And my room was not especially big; despite what the below reviews say. But here's the main problem. Even on the 10th floor; the guy blowing the whistle to summon cabs downstairs woke me up at 6; and 6:15; and 6:30; and 6:45; and 6:50; and 6:55; and...and; well; I finally got up and said screw it; let's greet the day. Maybe everyone else was already up; but somehow I doubt it. Am now safely ensconced in the Four Seasons.
1,1,I love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights. The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating(but kids don't care) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect
1,0,I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay; Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap. I was so disappointed with this hotel; I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.
1,0,If you love Brick Walls and Alleyways; then this view is for you. I asked for a room facing the river; I get a room facing a Brick Wall. That really pissed me off. From all the great reviews; I was expecting better. Before I came here; I stayed in a Hyatt in NYC; and that was awesome. There was nothing about the hotel that blew me away. The wine hour was ok. I was hoping there would be something better food; but I guess that's why it's a wine hour. I ordered room service one night. There wasn't really anywhere to eat it; so I had to eat it on my bed to watch tv. This was my first time coming to Chicago; and I think it will be my last. Just thoroughly disappointed.
1,0,This hotel was not worth it. From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out; the staff were rude and contemptuous. Rooms were only serviceable; and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website. The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient. The 'fitness centre' was tiny and poor. We would not come here again.
1,1,We stayed here because of all the great reviews; and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything; everyone; and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard; and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get; any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it.
1,1,Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious. It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel (great excuse to catch up on some movies) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice. The service was top notch. Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty. The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing. Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city.
1,1,I stayed at the Swissotel for a business trip the first week of Aug 2007. I arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night. However; this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the 28th floor. EXCELLENT view of the city; river and Lake Michigan. In fact; I would say the corner room of the Swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity. The room was huge; and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice. The hotel is very convieniently located to the Magnificient Mile and Millenium Park. Would very much recommend this hotel; and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor.
1,1,We just returned from a girls shopping /sight-seeing trip.The Palmer House was like home away from home.The hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work.The lobby was breathtaking; all dressed up for Christmas.The staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly.Our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.Chicago is a great town.
1,1,Great location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size; very clean and with a nice river view - Overall; a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - (in the interests of full disclosure; we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points)
1,0,This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed; nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities. The "fitness center" is an oversized closet! We were appalled during our stay! Truly anticipated "warm; Irish hospitality" and short of a barman; no one was Irish; warm or hospitable! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request. Her manager (?) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us. Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate. To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all. The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off.
1,0,My wife and I frequently stay downtown for a night in the city. We have been to many hotels in the downtown Chicago area. My opinion of the Swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience. The Swissotel has a very 'cold' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable. The room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average. The view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel. Other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more. Our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at 8:00a which woke us up. We called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk. We also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel. They said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register. He didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment. Overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment. Spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off Michigan avenue for real top notch service. Anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area.
1,0,great expectations from the hotel of THE FUGITIVE! Wonderful lobby! AND THAT'S IT! The room was old in style and furnitures; the tv was from the other century; no minibar; no wireless internet; no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room; those guys ignore that we are in the era of IPAD without cable connections. small room; small bathroom; rude service room. they have lost my credit card number and want CASH ON DELIVERY for a breakfast of 20 dollars. Robbery in the business center; 0;59 cents a MINUTE for internet connection; you have to pay to use word; or excel. NEVER AGAIN!
1,1,This was our third trip to Chicago this year (we LOVE the city!) - every time we stay at a different downtown hotel. Swissotel was definitely our favourite. When we come back in July to see the play " Wicked" for the second time; we will be again at Swissotel. No more need to try other hotels! The location is good because it is between the financial district and the Magnificent Mile. The room was spotless and quiet; the view amazing and those elevators were so fast. Comfortable beds; friendly service; not as many noisy sirens! We even watched the Navy Pier fireworks from our bed! This was the best anniversary ever. We would recommend Swissotel to everyone!
1,1,Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel. Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago. Mission was accomplished. If you would like a quiet; comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it. While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age; it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling. Found staff to be friendly and helpful. We will be return guests many times in the future for sure.
1,0,My son & I joined my husband on a work trip. We planned to swim while he was working. We overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in. Though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at 630 pm. We gave up & went out for the evening. We had a very noisy sleepless night. We weren't facing MI ave; but still heard sirens and I'm not sure what the other noise was; but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about 20x an hour throughout the entire night. I called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open; so my (very excited) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction. Upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew's actions & on my insistence she said she'd look into it. A gentleman called back an hour later & said the pool should open at 5pm...it was 9am. It is now 6pm & we still haven't even seen the pool. We check out tomorrow. We passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to "swim in Chicago." Needless to say we are VERY disappointed.
1,0,Our suite at the Knickerbocker are quite nice; but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal. First; a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present. Not a tremendous problem; but when the young woman at the front desk replied "What do you want me to do about it" with the tone of a flippant teenager; I began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff. Fast forward to this evening. Following a lovely meal off the premises; we chose to turn in a bit early at 11:30 pm only to discover that despite our best intentions; the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room. Acting prudently and with restraint; we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs; but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response. Sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel; and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume. On one hand I appreciated his honesty; but on the other; I truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property. Since we're out of options for the evening; we've decided to stay up and try to watch TV for the time being; but given the circumstances; the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession. Also; I was alarmed to learn that while I slept the prior night; a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property. This wouldn't have been a concern if like nearby hotels; the Knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby. Would I stay here again? Maybe on a dare; or if someone else was footing the bill. Yet I've had better experiences in road side motels; and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests; and more importantly simple common sense.
1,0,The hotel is in a good location. It is very contemporary in decoration. Beautiful flowers in lobby. The room service was very good. Concierge services were also very good. We were treated well. The shower water pressure was very poor. Also; at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us; which we were charged for the 3rd night when our room was actually prepaid. It was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel. Bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers/food. read more
1,0,The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls; doors; trims; not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities; no homey touches; nothing on the walls. No room service; no gym; no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side; the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.
1,0,I reserved the "Rock star" suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco; they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the "rock star" suite. However; the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.
1,0,While overall a decent property; the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel. I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights; checking out on Monday; March 19th. Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet; my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn't present upon checking in. We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay. I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One (their valet company) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival; and was scraped upon departure from the garage. The garage manager; Mike Yunan; didn't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel; Marco Scherer. When he finally got back to me; the garage manager stated that he would file an "incident report" and claim with his insurance company; Travelers; which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn't admit fault or liability; nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage; which could have verified that the damage wasn't present upon check-in; but was at check-out. Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location; contradicting the garage manager. In the end; this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $1;000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property: an almost $500 paint scrape on top of a $48/per day parking fee; rental car expenses; several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue; and one gigantic headache. In the end; do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel; and take your business elsewhere if at all possible.
1,0,The service was reasonably well...they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily. The location was fine being that it was central to the city but I found out that it was also a tremendous drawback. It was interesting that the survey I took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response "Quiet". My visit was anything but; mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor; facing the street. I awoke at 4 a.m. and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the L train that sounded as though it was just outside my window. Not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting. At check-out when I informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said; " Ah; city noise."
1,0,The hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy. The entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding; making it dark. They charge a lot for internet hook up; wifi is not included. The staff was very slow; I am assuming they were all new. They could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby. The room was set up weird; the bathroom opened facing the bed; rather than the hall as most do. Room temp was hard to control; even though they had a digital thermostat. Overall I was very disappointed; had I been staying more than one night I would have switched hotels.
1,0,In the 100 degree heat of a Chicago summer; it sucks if your air conditioner does not work. After 2 maintenance men attempted to rectify the issue I was offered a portable fan which on low speed sound as if a helicopter was hoovering over my room. I requested a room change and a not so polite; unsympathetic night front desk attendant stated that was not possible because the hotel was at capacity. Maybe a manager could help me in the morning. The next day went by and no call was received. At 7pm; I called the front desk. No one was aware of my problem. Approximately 45 minutes later; a manager returned my call and stated a double room was available. I accepted it was glee. Anything was better than a room that does not cool below 78 degrees in the middle of summer. I was paritally correct. The bathroom door of the new room did not close. Thank god my boyfriend and I are past the shy part of the relationship. As for room 1618; I believe I was not the first guest to complain about the air conditioner. What's unfortunate is they continued to place guests into this room. And did not offer any reufunds or perks for my sleepless night in the sauna! This hotel need a major overhaul!!
1,1,This is a superb hotel. The rooms are huge; including a luxurious bathroom. It is clean and service is first rate. Breakfast was excellent (and complimentary for Hilton Honors members). Hotel is in a good location; and is connected to a mall; which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter. Next time I go to Chicago; I will stay here for sure.
1,1,I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay); which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays; but suffice to say the doorman; housekeeping; the night manager and bartender at 676; the day waiter at 676; and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks; Omni - I had a great stay!
1,1,Just back from a business trip. The Homewood is in a great location just off the Magnificent Mile; includes a great breakfast; heavy hors d'ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of $129. Without a doubt the best value in Chicago for a long; long time.
1,0,As a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East; I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit. Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel; there was no in-room directory; the carpet was torn and stained; no phone book; the refigerator and honor bar had been removed; and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire. I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms; and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue; as there are several larger room types. He didn't even offer to check availablity of other rooms! In talking with the consierge; she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years. All in all; a very disappointing; and expensive; experience.
1,0,I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel. It seems as though I had the same experience as "Judy L." I read her review and thought "that's exactly what happened to me!" Here's what happened: The good news: The actual event was great. Most notably; the food was absolutely incredible; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food. The same goes for the cake; which was made by Take the Cake. The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good. The bad news: Michelle; the Director of Catering; honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare. While we were negotiating the contract; she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls; after the contract was signed; it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered; to schedule the tasting; etc. She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email; and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time. I assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding; but they actually got even worse. Michelle just could not get it together; and if it weren't for my wedding coordinator's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right; I don't know what would have happened. Thus; if it weren't for Michelle's inability to do her job; I would have had a great experience. But; as it is; when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel; I unfortunately have very negative thoughts. And that's incredibly disappointing; considering it was a major part of the best night of my life.
1,1,We have been for the first time in Chicago and stayed in the Swissotel for five nights;a wonderful place.Room was on the 29th floor;absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview.Breakfast perfect and service really good.People were always helpful.It's a little bit far from Magnificent mile and the loop;but in front of the hotel there are buses (number6)waiting there next turn;not a real bus stop;but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus.Next time going to Chicago we will again stay in the Swissotel.
1,0,We enjoyed the Hotel Monaco. Great location for walking and beautiful rooms. The staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests. Will definitely stay there again!
1,0,We reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay. After checking in and unpacking; we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed (supposedly during renovation). The front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all 4 of us check into the room. Colleen; one of the managers; was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem. We ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed. We never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently "absent from the hotel" during most of our stay. We stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence. We had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology. The lack of training of the staff was clearly evident; as was the cavalier attitude of the management.
1,1,I had a great time here! It is centerally located in Chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent. The staff was amazing and very helpful! Parking was a bit steep; but to be expected. The room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable. The yoga mat rental was wonderful as well! Wonderful and relaxing experience overall.
1,1,We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb; staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell; at the front desk; is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program; high speed internet is gratis; as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel.
1,1,We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $203. This is one of the nicest hotels that I've ever stayed in. Bathroom aside; we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service. I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I'm in town.
1,0,Spent three nights in Chicago at this property. First of all; I have to say that it would be hard to imagine a better location as it is perfectly situated on the Magnificent Mile close to terrific restaurants; the Art Institute and Orchestra Hall. The hotel has two sides - the historic tower and a new wing. The rooms are larger on the historic side but generally are looking a little tired. This property needs to be renovated. Some observations: The junior suite I had was laid out strangely. A small bedroom and smaller sitting room separated by a corridor off of which was the very large bathroom. The mirror over the sink was not over the sink but skewed to the right - made shaving a challenge and messy. While descending in the elevator one morning; it started shaking so violently that I could barely stand up. It stopped on the 11th floor and I was greeted by an extremely worried looking hotel employee who had a technician shut it down. (This experience was far more powerful than coffee in helping me wake up - an adrenaline rush certainly cures sleepiness!) Reports from my group were of sinks stopped up; exposed bolts in rooms; and generally things not working. Now the good news - the staff is terrific. They make you feel welcome; are personable; have their own personalities; great service in the bar and really went the extra distance to help. I wish they had a better property to work in.
1,0,We got a spanking deal at this hotel for $99 a night. It's in a good location to the Loop. Excellent transportation options abound. My gripe comes from the fact that we were obviously put in a "crappy" room. It overlooked the back of the building and the roof of a building next to us. The toilet in the room was not bolted to the floor. Other than that; if I needed to stay in the Loop again for something and I knew I wasn't going to be put in a undesirable room; I would stay here again.
1,0,We chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds. We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel; than some of the other larger high rise hotels. We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel. When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof. The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious. The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door. Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff; just a blank stare and gaze. The front desk staff was chilly and stiff; no greetings; no smiles and no personality. They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests. On the other hand the bellman Perry was great. He was sociable and very service oriented. He was aware of what is going on in the area. He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area; and where to eat in the neighborhood. He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return "how was that restaurant?" Tim the concierge was also supportive. He gave us 10% discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores. We had the largest suite. We requested a rollaway (extra charge) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM. When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed. What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned. We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned. We called the front desk to ask to send someone. The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening. The room itself was pleasant. It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much. We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin. We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service. The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel.
1,0,The hotel is well located; but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers; with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here; let's just say that from the front desk; to the spa; room service which only got my order correct one-day; to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep; that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.
1,1,I was attending a training conference in Chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held. I booked 4 nights at the Intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location (an easy walk to the conference). From the lobby to the rooms; this hotel lives up to it's storied reputation. (The indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a Busby Berkeley movie!) And even tho' I was there for a conference; the hotel's location on the Mag Mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters; made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price.
1,0,Not a good start when the front desk isn't willing to tell their customers that they have a problem with your room! We reserved a King Suite; and the hotel put us in a Queen Suite without telling us up front. Only after we confronted the Manager did they come clean about the switch; he offered us a free breakfast; but would not up-grade our room. The whole problem could have been avoided if they would have told us the truth and let us decide if we still were willing to stay at the Omni. We will not be retuning to this Hotel again.
1,1,Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night; it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient; courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops; restaurants and the subway.
1,0,As a frequent traveler for work; I stay at many SPG properties. Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago; this is by far the worst. Why? 1) They charge you to use the gym. $12 per day or something like $24 for your entire stay. I can't even begin on what a rip off that is. 2) As a Gold or Platinum member; you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room. They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one. 3) They do not have wireless internet. It is 2010- enough said. To charge you at least over $200 a night; all the above amenities should be built into that cost. I would never stay here again.
1,0,Under the gloss of a nice building; friendly staff; and a wild set of items in the minibar; this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular; the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights; my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room; but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor; trying to unkink my back; thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.
1,1,Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member; I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that; I had a meeting down in the loop; but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby; asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting; "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner; very professional service; and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit; thats all... the curtains need some help.
1,0,Nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways; fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the Omni. Location was great but there are a lot of other options. If you get a really good deal on the room; I wouldn't say no.
1,0,After Leaving some important documents in the room; I called and asked for the lost and found department... SEVEN TIMES over the course of a week. Eventually I had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected. Finally ; a deceivingly friendly operator PROMISED me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes; It never happened. So Avoid this place because after they rip you off once they'll keep doing it later. They cannot be trusted at their word
1,0,Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes. It was terrible!! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago. Thier parking rate is obnoxious ($42.00 a night) and way too far out to walk to much. If you must stay here; try to park for free on dead end street (feed meter on weekdays) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks. (A can of soda at the hotel was $4.50 plus 18% restocking fee!!)
1,0,Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned; that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival; huge line at c/i; lousy room; malfunctioning remote; unresponsive staff; and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave; try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?
1,1,I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room; since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park; so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic; and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides; a king sized bed. The room was quiet; comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful; polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal; coffee; and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels; like the Hyatt I stayed at last year.
1,0,In my experience the Ambassador hotel didn't seem to be a 3 1/2 star establishment. The building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated. The carpeting was very old and worn. The floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable. I would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel. Currently; it's indespirate need of renovation.
1,1,Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect. The location was perfect. The hotel was beautiful. Our view was awesome. The room was large enough and very clean. The bed was very comfy. The staff were helpful - especially the concierge; Jared. I couldn't find anything negative to say. If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you can't go wrong with this cool hotel.
1,1,We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender; everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful; and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated; too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries; but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day!
1,1,We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start; Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However; it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub; so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful; comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles; a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen; and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left; we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel!
1,0,I booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott. We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators; which are used all night long. When speaking to the front desk; I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor; which I had requested for a better view. I am looking at a brick wall; and getting no sleep. He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor; and were aware of the noise problem. Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this. If you decide to stay here; request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences. This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain.
1,1,At the last minute; my son and I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago to see the Cubs. After checking Priceline I decided to book the Omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel. We arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready(I had called ahead and requested early arrival).The front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating. The room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel. The room was spotless and the bed was VERY comfortable. There was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room!!!We then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch. Our service was great as was the food. We also tried several restaurants around the Omni-all within walking distance. The service; cleanliness and location of the Omni were incredible. We will definitely go back.
1,0,We've stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn't rude; just incompetent. For example; we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room; which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel. Nonetheless; the staff brought us 4 coffee mugs... The list of issues goes on unfortunately; including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental; we eventually had to stop watching after 20 minutes. And the room itself was not clean; the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold. Clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities; but training or sufficient staff... oh; but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same. Find a newer hotel; there are many in this great city.
1,0,Not worth the price; even a little bit. A week prior to scheduled check-in; receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting; of course; upon arrival; nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it; I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic . Com; all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little; Too late. Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open; TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable. The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests; well there was no check out feature. This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!
1,1,This a great property; excellent location and wonderful staff. Everyone was very accommodating and polite. The room I had was on the 23rd floor and was like a suite; with a living area and a bedroom. The living room was spacious; with a plasma TV; a desk and a couch. The beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality. In the closed they placed an umbrella; which came in handy; it rained the whole time I was in Chicago. The internet connection is $9.95/24hrs. Great place; I will return for sure.
1,0,Maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup.....but never have had this experience in using priceline before. The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful. We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room. We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries. This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby. Hallways; rooms; carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont. I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst. Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated...we paid as much as other guest and I'm a Fairmont Gold member. Positives - great location; daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy. Views could be great if you get a higher room. Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer!!!
1,1,Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick; easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park; which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin; croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep.
1,0,Even though the reviews of this hotel are very good; the only good thing about it is the Location; which is excelent. aside from that; there are only 2 elevators; so there is ALWAYS a wait to get in. they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage; room service; etc takes forever. even if you arrive in a cab; there is no space to load/unload so you have to block the street while you arrive/depart; the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh. all in all; there are much better options in Chicago
1,1,I'll keep it short. My wife; daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel. Location: It is located in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave.); so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do. Hotel: The hotel itself is very clean; as were the rooms. Maid service was excellent; including 2x daily cleaning and turndown service (I think they missed a night). Service: Every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind. They always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile. Every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room (sometimes chocolates on our pillows). They always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it. There was no shortage of people to ask things. My only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get. They shouuld have more than one; or longer hours. Other: We had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant and it was very good; and well attended; appointed. They even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet. The pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids. It was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking. Pool and changing areas were spotless. Room: Clean; sunny and spacious. Probably over 400 sq. ft. - 2 TVs; couch; desk; chairs - all in perfect shape. The windows open for some fresh air. Pillows were pretty comfortable. With all aspects considered; I think this was an unbeatable value! I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend. I truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel. It was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there. Omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number. The airlines have cornered the market on that.
1,0,Well; this used to be a Le Meridian Hotel; and it has changed for the worse. We kept having to remind them we booked a package; because we were being over-charged separately for everything; when it should have been included. We were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival; and did not. Two phone calls and three hours later; it finally showed up. We tried to have a drink in the bar; and even though we were the ONLY people there; three servers/bartenders came and went; talking to each other; not one of them acknowledging us. After ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink. And don't bother to pay extra for "City View"; because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor; looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see. Oh yes; the valet lost his cell phone in someone's car; and called me at home today to see if we found it. He wanted me to call him back at home. Nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff; huh? For the money; stay at any other hotel in Chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better.
1,1,My wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer; and booked via Expedia. When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its' beauty. It's like something out of Europe. We were able to get a free room upgrade; even though the rooms are still a bit small; but its' an old hotel in an old city. It's there for sleeping and showering. The restaurants; lounges; and shops were all wonderfull. The next time we travel to Chicago; I'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton
1,1,We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy; but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel. The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price.
1,0,Check ins went smoothly. But be advised.... Walls are super thin; the building is old and the rooms are very very very small. The downside of them allowing pets was that we could hear the poor dog barking in the morning probably because it needed to go out. For the price it wasn't bad. It was walking distance to most major attractions. Overall ... it's ok at best. Another plus is the CTA is close by.
1,1,I loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago; an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design; but still very lovely and charming); clean rooms; and very friendly staff. They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area); and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it.
1,1,Hi;Stayed here for three nights recently;From check in to check out all Staff members went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and if there was anything they could do to help us;directions;restaurants; transport;nothing was too much trouble;The dinner from monday to thursday 5-7 was a wonderful surprise;also the breakfast was more than adequet;Stayed on the 15th floor and slept soundly;Hotel close to everything for the tourist or business traveller.Restaurants and shopping all within 5-10 mins.
1,0,we love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise; it was a great stay!
1,0,staff was very courteous. desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two. second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day; causing us to miss the free period. room was very clean; with a nice view of the river. bed was very comfortable. toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom (no tank; instead it had a stainless steel valve) instead of a 4-star hotel. no dresser to store clothes. no wastebasket in the room; and there was a cover for the icebucket; but no icebucket. folding luggage stand had a broken strap. location was good; close to the river. several american-style eating places nearby. overall; a disappointment for a four-star hotel. i expected more for a hyatt regency.
1,0,This hotel had a great location; but you can do much better for the money. The hallways smelled of smoke; dirty elevators; furniture in the lobby was thread bare. The staff was very helpful. The room was large; bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered. If you have any allergies don't stay here!
1,0,Great building and location; but... staff is indifferent; you have to pay for WiFi (after $300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi); no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that; if you move anything from the minibar; they have sensors that automatically charge you. This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room didn't work. Also; we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over. Definitely is not value for your money. You're just paying for the Hard Rock brand. I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel.
1,1,our stay was absolutely perfect. its a cool hotel to look at; the design and feel is very trendy and hip. all the staff are terrific; especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude. our room was on the top floor; with great views. super comfy bed; and neat bathroom. fantastic; choose this with no hesitation!
1,0,Three nights there on business. Hadn't realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement; very bleak. Told the front desk that I hadn't realized about the construction; so I'd have to switch hotels; they said they were still going to charge me for 3 nights. So I stayed. TV didn't work. Tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me...eventually after I called again; a few hours later; a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it. Long and complicated experience at the business center (which doesn't open until 9am; BTW); where I ended up paying $45 to print 55 pages. Had to buy these cards; and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway; (and charging me for them). I was left with $22 on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the Swissotel in Chicago; 2000 miles from where I live. I asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that. Nice room; nice view; but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad. Worst experience I've ever had at a hotel when traveling for business.
1,0,great bed; but when I first came in; I requested a room with a lake view (i requested this over the phone as well); and the front desk woman said "this is a great room". I go upstairs and its awful looking. The view was of the neighboring roofs. Then I spent half an hour trying to find a better room. Eventually I got a corner roof with a partial view. Horrible experience. also rooms were small and had crappy look (yellowy wallpaper and bedsheets)
1,0,We choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel. Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor; but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay. We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there. There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte. Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet. Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order. We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience. I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel.
1,0,I stayed in a Deluxe King Suite. No desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals. The only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table (!) and canted forward. Incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer. Since my room was configured like all the other Deluxe King Suites depicted in on line photos; I have to assume this design flaw with the couch/futon runs throughout the property. Bed was fine and bath was fine but I can't imagine why business travelers would rate this property well. The couch/futon seating is the worst I've encountered in a modern hotel.
1,1,I stayed here for business and loved it. Got it for $93 inc tax on Priceline; an incredible deal for this hotel. If I wasn't on priceline I would expect to pay $200 per night (maybe more) for this location/level of service. It's in the heart of downtown Chicago; walkable to many locations. The lobby is very impressive; the room was very nice. No complaints at all; from check-in to check-out. I was alone so didn't go to the bar but it looked like people were really enjoying themselves. It was full of people all the time. I want to stay here when I come back with my husband for a fun weekend in the city.
1,1,We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure.
1,0,The heating in our room didn't work and wasn't repaired depite numerous requests; the rooms were very small; the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay; the cleaner made the bed but nothing else; when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the 5 night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent; it took the hotel 2 months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-Atlantic phone calls to them.
1,1,We stayed at the Fairmont two nights for the SOFA art fair at the Navy Pier. I was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly; which is quite unusual. Everyone smiled and welcomed us. The lobby looks clean and friendly; not ultramodern; but not at all tired or worn. Our room; also clean and comfortably furnished; was larger than we expected; with a clean; modern bath and a lovely view of the Navy Pier and the lake. We did not eat at the restaurant; but it looked attractive. Our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows; upon reserving the room; upon checking in; and calling housekeeping. After waiting an hour; we went to bed. The next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned; all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials. The hotel is convenient to Millenium Park and Michigan Ave. We would stay there again; assuming we could get good rates.
1,0,I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the "In Room Fitness" program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again; this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel; no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool; track and locker room are free; but to use the treadmills; etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website; not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre; but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout; which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour; not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms; so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit.
1,1,I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean; especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly; the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure; like all hotels in Chicago; this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However; if you are aware of that prior to arrival; its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car; bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use. Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request; and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall; if I can get a good rate again; I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago.
1,1,I travel a lot for business and quite frankly; my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new "Chicago Hotel". It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels.
1,0,Complete disappointment. Problems: 1. The alarm clock/stereo thing was broken in my room. It was constantly emitting low; changing hissing noises. Sooo annoying. And there was no off switch on the damn thing. I had to move the bed to unplug it (the outlet was wayyy back; buried behind the big bed). I kept hearing it; and didn't realize what it was; until it had kept me awake for a few hours. 2. The shower was ONLY incredibly hot. Turn it all the way cold...very hot. Turn it to hot; and you get boiling hot. Grrrrreat. So how do I get water that won't scald me? This is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry; and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water. Good job Omni! 3. Hallway carpets are disgusting and old. Walking around; you'd think you're in a motel 6. And my floor had been flooded or something; and they had box fans running in the hallway; 24/7; to try to dry it out. Talk about an overpriced dump.
1,1,From the moment I stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began! I enjoyed every minute @ the fairmont! The King room was spacious and the decor chic! The coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge! I really like the separate shower; tub; and separate door for the toilet. The desserts and cheese spread at ENO so yummy. Before the fairmont the W hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at.
1,1,If you're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop; The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you. It's centrally located; stylish rooms and attentive staff. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything. The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows; large flat screen tv; radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean. Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. My last day there; I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time; the kitchen called to see if everything was alright. I have never had that kind of follow up service. I've stayed at the Palomar in DC; another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too. I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination.
1,0,I checked into this hotel; Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010. Next day; I woke up with bed bug bites; numerous; on my arm and back. We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and "taken care of". I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered; which they did. Interestingly; no one from the management; other than the security guy who came when we first complained; even offered any apology for the inconvience. I missed couple of meetings that day. The next day; I called as I forgot something in the previous room; only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest. So much for reporting!
1,0,Let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent; clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling; there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room; the internet service was extremely slow; the toilet ran throughout the night; and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know; we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent; we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.
1,0,I wrote an email to the sales & reservation team a week ago.........i'm still waiting for a response. All I wanted to do was book a suite for 2 nights but they failed to even reply with an offer. We have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails. Shame you missed out; coz we tip like rockerfellers!!
1,0,I am writing in regards to our stay April 22-24. We were celebrating our honeymoon and were disappointed with our stay. There was construction going on in the hotel and we were not notified of it prior to our stay. My husband had ordered champagne and strawberries for the room to be in there prior to our arrival...it wasn't. When he called to place the order again; it never showed up. We were so disappointed and surprised by the lack of service that we decided to forgo ordering them for a 3rd time. Our room was very small; drab and lacked the romantic setting we were looking for. We had called to request a room with a large tub; similar to the ones in the photos; prior to our arrival; noting that we didn't mind an upgrade cost. Instead; the tub was incredibly small. We have stayed at the Intercontinental in other cities before and had such high expectations for the Chicago location; especially considering we were celebrating such a happy; once-in-a-lifetime occasion. The service and amenities just didn't match up.
1,1,I stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008. I have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky. They had a free wine tasting each evening! The restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay. The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping / restaurants and sights! Rooms were lovely; althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side. Will be back.
1,0,My expectations were not high because I booked this hotel through priceline for $58 / night. An amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait 15 - 20 minutes for hot water. I called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied: "try running it for 15 to 20 minutes." They forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower; if anyone else expected to use the shower. My boyfriend; who showered after me; had to wait another 10 minutes to get the shower warm again. To make matters worse; after room service was delivered; we called and said we needed another fork. They told us it would cost $3 ($1 for the fork; $2 for delivey charge). Absolutely ridiculous!! At least with a 1 star hotel; you get hot water. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. I guess you do get what you paid for - I just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price.
1,0,As a frequent traveler to Chicago; I generally stay at the Sutton Court; but thought I would try a different boutique hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet; leaving me absolutely claustrophobic! Actually the smallest hotel room I've been in in the U.S! I complained to the front desk; who then moved me to a "premium" room -- still quite small; but manageably so. The bathroom was tiny; without a vanity; making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room. The location leaves much to be desired; as my room looked out directly onto the El (elevated subway - background noise); and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening. I will say that the free wi-fi was great. If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene; I'd highly recommend you take that. If you want a nice room in a great location; check out Sutton Place hotel instead.
1,0,I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I've stayed at the. The receptionist up front was a snooty; sarcastic teenager or post teenager. You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner. The room was dirty; stains on the carpet; the showerhead was moldy and rusted; the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches. The towels had a horrible aroma. The hotel is very narrow; so we were near a construction zone so; I would plan on waking up at 6:am if you choose the Talbott. The next day; I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room. That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop. I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day; if were not out by noon. I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm. Please stay away from this hotel; I think a Holiday Inn would be better. Andrew F. Gulli
1,0,We booked thru hotwire which we have a high percentage of positive outcomes. I was very happy when we saw that we would be staying at The Knickerbocker-as I had stayed when I was younger. We reserved a King Non-Smoker. Upon arriving we were told that they did not have that and we only had the choice of a Smoking room. When argued they stated "well you booked thru hotwire so you do not have priority". As we entered the room I noticed the bathroom door was off track and the bathroom light did not turn on. We called the front desk and they fixed the door but not the light. Later that eveing as I took a shower the seal around the shower was so poor water got all over the floor and towels. Also; I must add the room reaked of smoke. The next day when we checked the front desk clerk asked how our stay was and when we told him the problems; he told us the total and had not concern of our issues. We also checked in our bags for the day; and the bellmen came quickly and made very rude comments about us hurrying up so he could get on with his day. We realized a bit later that we forgot something in one of the bags and was told they would not get them back out. STAY AWAY-even if you get a good deal!!
1,0,This review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront; or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And; even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location; the room; and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me; it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later; my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error; I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations; and told "That's not my problem. I can't help you". . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now; I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages; I get the general manager to call me back; and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with; he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later; still no credit. So; I call the general manager again. Oh; this might take up to 72 hours to process; I am told. So; please give it another week. Another week passes; still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed; and he even sends me an email confirming our "agreement" for the credit; just to appease me. Another week passes. Still; not seeing that credit that was "definitely processed" a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving; and at this point; I want to see him personally; and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember; we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel; and to make a long story short; the general manager was NEVER available to see me; nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with; was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation; and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of "you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'". . . WHAT???? Today; my trip is over; and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service; and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel.
1,0,I haven't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service. I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental; but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel's "Cyber Monday Special". The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website; the hotel will match that amount in "James Credits" that can be used toward your stay. None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits. My next trip to Chicago is in April; so I thought I'd give The James a try. I travel frequently with my pet and I've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy. So today I went online and bought a $500 certificate. Me; having the one track mind that I do; somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31; 2010. I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament. I said I couldn't be in Chicago until April (I'm overseas on business until then); and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month; or it not; refund my gift certificate purchase. I had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn't even recieved my email confirmation yet. Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period. The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying "too bad; it's your problem now". She didn't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all. So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James; I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel; or try Hotel Monaco. I hear they have great service and are good with pets too.
1,0,Firtly they took $372 off my card; even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night. They had no business taking the money off of my card. So on the 28th Sep I contacted them and they admited to the mistake. It is not a month later and I have called them about 6 times in all and they have still not paid it back. Secondly I booked 8 rooms at buy 2 get 3rd room free direct with hotel. When I looked a week later; they had only booked 7 and refused to offer me the rate 3rd room free rate; so two of my friends didn't come to the trip away. Thirdly I asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken ASAP as the dollar was weak against the pound. After about 8 phone calls over 5 months (each saying they would) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional PS150. Overall; the hotel was nice and in a nice location; but I will never be staying there again due to all my problems.
1,0,The lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in. The only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed. When we got to our room; we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room. I am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable. The walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us. When we went to breakfast; we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived. For the price they were charging; the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere. It also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car. For forty dollars a day for parking; we expected better.
1,0,October 3rd; 2007 My wife and I stayed at The Sofitel toward the end of September 2007. The hotel is VERY modern. The room was immaculate; but the furiture looked as though it came from IKEA. It was chipped in many places. The light switches were difficult to find; and the HVAC made noise. However; the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large and well maintained. Housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted. The restaurant was small. You can eat for less at a 24 hour restaurant around the corner called Tempo. If you want a truly great breakfast try The Peninsula Hotel. However; after dining there you might not want to return to The Sofitel. Prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full. When we checked in; we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals. Upon returning home; we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the Sofitel had an authorization placed on it. This reduced the line of credit; and it took several days to be removed from the card. Great location! Reasonable value. If you have a Privilege Card they allow you to check out at 4pm as opposed to 12 in the afternoon.
1,0,The location of the hotel is great; right on the river and Michigan Ave. Almost everything is within walking distance. At the price; though; and given the 4 star hotel; we expected better walls. Our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors. The sound from both rooms came in loud and clear. We heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone (he clearly wasn't speaking loudly); and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk. We asked them to be quiet (I shouldn't have expected that to work with some young drunks) then called security; but they did nothing. I was completely annoyed with the noise; especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one. Unless you are in Chicago to party; get drunk; and not get any sleep; I wouldn't stay here.
1,0,Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY; I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating; I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap; foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin; you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked; I was awaken around midnight; my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak; but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards; the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S.; you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart; but the problems are not fixable.
1,0,I'd been searching for a cool; non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults; we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored; but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride; was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night; so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree; dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed; I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago; but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny; shower curtain was stained; funky toilet seat/lid; and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms; i.e.; "Holy crap; have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker; they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these; but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar; but weak drinks... That night; our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
1,0,Swissotel continues to be a *yawn* As previous posters state; punching in your floor is ridiculous. On the other hand; technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators (but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me; why change)? In any case; I want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems... SOOOOO disappointed. Hopefully I don't get bug bitten this time (checked under the sheets). Sadly; due to my company's deal; I think I have to stay here again next year *sigh*...but so far they are batting 1 star.... -------------- Oh boy; it must be my luck...or rather this hotel is just run down. I had to swap room FOUR TIMES. And that's for a Thurs nite-Sunday morning stay. My first room had no hot water so I had to switch rooms. They gave me the key to the 2nd room; which happened to be occupied. Luckily the occupants had their security latch on; so there wasn't any embarrassing moment. My third room was fine for 2 nights but then today (just now) I had to move because of water leakage (above my room and below my room). BOY; talk about an awful hotel (or my just awful luck???? Maybe it's karma since I wrote a bad review last year; and continue to write one...but it's the TRUTH). Oh; also last year may not have been bed bugs. I have checked the room and it looks bug free but I STILL get these itchy patches on my leg. Perhaps it is something in the sheets...or the air/HVAC.... in any case; despite the decent staff; it is a ONE at best (0 for hotel; 1 for the still nice service--since it's not their fault....) All I can say is ...THANK GOODNESS MY COMPANY WON"T HOLD THE CONFERENCE IN CHICAGO NEXT YEAR; or AT LEAST AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!
1,0,I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago.
1,1,We have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous; very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents. We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies; hairdryer; safe; tv; robes & slippers; a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom. We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito ! This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends. Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards.
1,0,Here are my experiences: - Had three rooms reserved; when checked in we were charged 2 different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments; gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - Could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty (we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys) - In room guide says pool in on the 8th floor and signs say it is on the 7th - could not get to the pool from the 14th floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the 7th floor and take the stairs to the 8th - When we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room. - When we received our bills; the credit card assignments were still wrong. I stay at "economy" hotels a lot and I have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one. This hotel should do Chicago a service and just close its doors. Due to this experience; I will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad.
1,0,Rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see. The room we had at almost $400 a night was dingy and small. Don't mistakingly think the Hard Rock Cafe is there; it isn't. They have a Chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items. The room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods. When my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the Manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn't a choice. The Rolled Roast beef sandwich was listed under the 2 am choice and they refused to make it untill again; we called the Manager who did get it to us. The staff did appear friendly; although housekeeping totally disregarded our 'do not disturb' sign and would call us on the phone. Don't make the mistake of staying here but if you do; walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is $3 plus 19% gratuity. We ended up having to order delivery food brought to us. This is the most overpriced; over rated and dingy hotel we've ever stayed in. Taxi to airport is $40.
1,1,Ok; so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location; finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had; I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor; view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had; room is nice; bath was all appliances and good size; good plasma tv; free internet; we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise; the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel
1,1,Well located and well staffed. The Amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay. It lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by. Free continental breakfast and evening cocktail.
1,1,I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that!
1,1,The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel. Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way. I was very impressed (and I am hard to please and have high standards). It was so clean; aesthetically pleasing; up to date; just gorgeous! I would definitely stay there again. I loved it. The location is superb too; attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall. Can't wait to go back!
1,1,This comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect; IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely; clean; comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking; as is usual for Chicago; was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however; we left on a Sunday morning; not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day; so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire; a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel.
1,0,We stayed in the Amalfi in July 2010; 4th of July weekend. I was very apprehensive about leaving my Diesel Ford Excursion with the valet at Amalfi. It has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly. I explained the procedure to the valet drivers; and felt like it was a complete waste of time. When the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as I had instructed. When I tried to start it; it wasn't happy; but did finally start. I was so relieved to get it back I just wanted to leave. Driving away I noticed that the top speed recorded on the GPS was 105mph!!! (previous top speed was 95mph; done a few days earlier driving across South Dakota). I could just picture the flying Ferrari scene in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I couldn't imagine where in the crowded Chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast; though it wouldn't take long to make that happen (see reference to modified engine above). A little while later we stopped for lunch and I noticed a dent in the front bumper. I contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people. No remedy. Lesson learned. Brett
1,1,I stayed at the Hyatt for a two nights on a business trip. My room was oddly shaped to give a stunning view of the river and NBC Building. Both the room and the bathroom were spotless and the room had an air purifier which ran silently. The hotel was well staffed with individuals who were knowledgeable about both the hotel and the surrounding area. I would not hesitate to stay here again and plan to return with my wife for a weekend.
1,1,This was our second time staying here. We were very much looking forward to our weekend at the Amalfi (based on how well the first stay was). It turned out better than our anticipation. The beds are very comfortable. 2 headed showers with a large bathroom. The hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out. Our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout. Then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit; pastries; juice and coffee on our floor (breakfast is on every floor). No great view from our room; but I don't think there are great views from most any room since it is only 5 floors. We didn't need to drive; take a cab or jump on the L the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located. We easily walked to bars; blues clubs; restaurants; the hancock tower; the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel. The highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour. Free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats; cheeses; peppers; and breads. This ran from 5:30 to 7:00; and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner. This alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening. And an extra money-saving tip...park at the self-park lot 2 blocks west of the hotel on Kinzie. Its $24 per night during the week and only $6 per night on the weekends. I think the hotel charges $30 to $40 per night to park.
1,1,Spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend. The staff was wonderful; room was beautiful and location great. You can take the train directly from Midway and walk one block to the hotel. Very close to museums and restaurants. I have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to Chicago.
1,0,For a Hilton hotel I was very unimpressed; the rooms are incredibly small; there are no refrigirator or coffee machine for coffee or tea. Wifi costs an arm. Plus side there is a Starbucks at the bottom; but only limited opening hours; the lobby is very nice. Location is decent.
1,1,I stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the Chicago Bears Fan Convention (Feb 27- March 1). The hotel is beautiful. I had a Towers room. I had a decent view of the city (Sears Tower). The room was a little small but had two bathrooms (1 King bed). The Tower room has it's own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast; evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day. The registration/ lounge is on the 24th floor and overlooks Lake Michigan. The hotel was full but service was excellent. The location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two (especially toward the El train). We loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car. I will stay here again. Hilton offered a Sunday night free on their website with a 3 day stay. This made the cost reasonable (for Chicago). However; the Pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired. The pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink.
1,0,I expected a glamorous room and I walked into a disappointment. Housekeeping and Management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel. If you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn't go down past 74; the closet is 24" wide; all old/dirty brass fixtures; beds that are a little bigger than a twin; showerheads that barely put out water; then this is your hotel. I might be spoiled by staying in Marriott's; but I stay in hotels 1/3 of the year and was severly disappionted. No free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again.
1,1,The James hotel is located close to everything in Chicago; the miracle mile; Pizza House Uno;Rush street; The Water Tower everything. We walked everywhere because everything was close by. The rooms are very modern and a little on the small side. But the bed was very comfortable; Very! The service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely. All service was very fast and through. The lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it; the bar service was good. The drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar. I got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of 3 days was just over $400.00 for a 5 star hotel that's cheap. Due to the location; price and service I may stay there again. But I think my next trip may take me to Trump's hotel in Chi Town. The James is a good stay . The doorman at the hotel are Great! Always pleasent; with a smile and very good service.
1,1,Very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have. Don't miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar. Spacious rooms. Perfect for business and for theatre guests. A little quiet area during weekends.
1,1,My 3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend; we had a wonderful time. We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room. This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later Room was very clean as was the bathroom. With 4 women we needed extra towels; they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered. Room was also quiet; construction going on behind us and we never heard anything. Beds comfy and so were the quilts... Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay. Would return.
1,1,My husband and I stayed here for New Years eve weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. Hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming. The rooms had the best electronics I've ever seen. Loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall. The hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by; so we avoided it too. Ate at Joe's across the street - excellent seafood. And you can shop til you drop without going outside! Nordstroms and four story mall is attached. Lots of good "food on the run" places in there. Loved Chicago - loved the Conrad. I will go back!
1,1,Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention. No complaints. Room was great with a beautiful view. Staff was very accommodating. Had drinks and appetizers in main bar. Fantastic! Great location. Yes it's a huge hotel as it's used for conventions but that didn't stop it from being a great place.
1,1,My significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said; "I wish we could stay longer". That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV; CD/Radio; Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip; white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room; ice delivered; iron; hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman; cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library; free internet access; in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location; location; location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend.
1,0,I recently returned from a trip to Chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby. While the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers. When we arrived it took over an hour to check in. We had requested two rooms on the same floor; which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival. When we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it. Eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there. We also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate 4 adults and two babies in strollers. When we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for 4 adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in. We also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at Bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping. We filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment Bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests. After complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate. This "something" never arrived. We will not be making a return visit to this hotel. While the housekeeping staff; location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative.
1,0,I stayed in this hotel during a business trip; and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar; a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet. Security was informed; but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them. After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident; despite the fact that I was a hotel guest. Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait. Long story short; I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone; anyone would have talked to me about it. I've since been on the phone with a manager; who promised to call me back once she researched the incident; and have yet to hear back; despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago. I expected more from this hotel.
1,1,Stayed at the InterContinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant; convenient visit. Stayed in the historic tower. Very nice rooms; great view; attentive staff; convenient location just north of the Tribune Tower & the river; and nice fitness club at $16 for the entire stay. The only downside is I couldn't get over the feeling that I was being nickle & dimed: $10 a day for Wi-Fi; $6 bottles of water in the room; $26 mini-bottle of wine in the fridge; tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags; etc. Their in-house restaurant Zest is Zagat rated though I'm not sure why. Within a 5 minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than Zest. But; next time I need to be near the Loop I'd stay at the InterContinental again.
1,1,Great beds; clean rooms; amazing bathroom; nifty view; wonderful service; expensive parking ($40; but it's Chicago); speedy in and out. Very European in sensibility and amenities; but with air conditioning!
1,1,Awesome hotel; our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish; trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool; etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value.
1,0,I never write these reviews; but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the #1 2008 travelers choice. Terrible Service; Lazy Doormen/bellmen/concierge/valet; Lack of Respect; allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints; Phantom charges to room; front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus. The icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son; and the doorman watched on doing nothing. Me and my girlfriend are young; look young in how we dress; but in all honesty make more money than most...and we were treated like cheap poor kids. I had dinner reservations at Spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up; the concierge exclaimed that; "You know its not jeans and running shoes right Mr. Blank?" Assuming I was too dumb to realize that a 5 star $200/person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because I am young? Very Dissapointed. Very nice looking; comfortable beds; great room service; contemporary; younger crowd; but service was terrible.
1,1,Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round; staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family.
1,1,took a weekend trip with my wife. got a great rate with valet included; paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room. staff was nice; workout facility was great. room has current decor; but was starting to show some wear. watch the concierge; she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us.
1,1,A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best.
1,0,Generally speaking; nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue. We checked the closed with the mini bar (picture uploaded); so much dust; nobody cleaned here for at least 3 years. We called in housekeeping; giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it. Still the same situation when returning to the room 4 hrs. later. Next day moved to a renovated room; much better but not 5 star clean at all. In addition; there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception; no wonder when just 1/3 of the counters is actually open. Please do something about these issues its ruining everything!
1,1,Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel. Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city!! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room!! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming; making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable. Would certainly recommend this hotel.
1,0,Was there recently for one night for a conference. Tried to check-in at 5:30pm (the published check-in was 3pm); they said my room wasn't ready; where as others coming after me were assigned rooms. Was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the 32nd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready. I chilled there until 8pm; no call; so went out for dinner. Came back at 9:30pm and asked if my room was ready. The gal said of course yes and give me a key. When asked why no one called me; she just shrugged. No; my troubles did not end there. I went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room. Came back to the lobby; then they apologized and gave me another room. I said I was not going to walk-in on somebody else again; so they sent someone with me to open the new room. For all my "trouble" they reduced my bill by about 40%. It was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru. Very bad experience.
1,1,I've stayed at the Allegro a couple of times. Like the other Kimpton properties; it's a classic old hotel that's been beautifully updated. I found the staff to be cordial; and I really like their corporate culture. They're pet-friendly (although I wasn't travelling with the dog); I got a recycling bin in my room; Aveda products in the bath and they don't clean with toxic chemicals. The rooms aren't huge and the bathrooms aren't what you're going to get at a Hilton. What the Allegro lacks in square footage it more than makes up for in cool. OK; they may be a little pricey; but I'm willing to pay a bit more considering the higher cost of doing business responsibily.
1,1,This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors; but looks much larger on the website.
1,0,I booked this hotel on Priceline for 4/13; and a week later called the hotel directly to add 4/12 to our stay. The receptionist confirmed my reservation confirmation# and gave me a lower rate for both nights for the same king suite. When we arrived at check-in; there was no record of my 4/12 reservation whatsoever. The hotel was also fully booked; leaving my tired; hungry family and I high and dry with nowhere to go. The only decent thing that happened with this whole debacle was that Lisa at the check-in desk called around to several other hotels close-by to find us a room; and seemed to be the only employee working at a very busy time of evening. We ended up at Embassy Suites for both nights and had a very pleasant experience there.
1,0,My experiences at the Fairmont Chicago were less than desirable. I try to be fair when I write my reviews; but fair is not in the Fairmont Chicago language. From pulling up to check in I felt the gouging start. $54 a night for parking is terrible for this area $30-$35 is the average and that is not affordable as it is but $54 is just disgusting to put on your guests. The parking was more than my car rental. In the room the internet is not complementary it is $16 for standard and $25 for some sort of ultra upgraded internet service. Gouge gouge gouge; who charges for internet anymore and even worse upgraded services. I didn't go online every day of my 8 day stay because of the cost. One update on the internet that they don't tell you upon check in is that if you sign up for the free premiere Fairmont club you will receive free in room internet service; I found that out on the last day of my stay. Other issues with this property is the shower pressure is not very good. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. And I would say there are many other properties that have a better location and price in the city. On a good note the Aria resturant in the Fairmont has a tremendous staff and serves up the best burger and fries I have ever had; loved the complimentary naan and dips to start; and the complimentary orange bark to finish.
1,1,As others have said; once all the construction works are completed I suspect that the prices this hotel can (legitimately) charge will put it out of our price range. Which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel; & the location couldn't be better. The room was very spacious; with separate sitting & study areas & a nice bathroom. Only 3 minor points: downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast (coffee & pastries); but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this; the cost of internet - $9.99 - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free; there was only powered milk in the rooms; which wasn't that nice. But none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay.
1,1,On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. I say stay with as that is how they make you feel; from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return. The rooms are clean; chic and roomy; the beds - the best I have slept in; bathrooms large and super clean. What can I say; my new home when in Chicago...
1,0,Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also; the concierge staff was unprofessional; telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated; but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.
1,1,Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel. It is true that this is an older hotel. But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur. (think of the hotel from the Shining; minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins.) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids; I was made to feel like royalty. A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions. Also the location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action; but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions. I also got a sweet $89 per night room by booking on travelzoo. That was just an added bonus however. Even if I paid $200 per night; my impression of the Ambassador would not change. Highly; highly recommended.
1,1,This is a great hotel; in a great location; in a great city !!! There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part. The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea; I was happy enough with George staring back @ me! The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the "Cheesecake Factory" or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the "John Hancock Centre". A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the "Navy Pier" - take a ride on the "Seadog" then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (& city) is WELL worth checking out.
1,1,We stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout; and was told no problem. If you bring your car; park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00.
1,0,The Talbott Hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges. No - not a bit worn - very much so I'm sorry to say. Although the location a block and a half from the best part of Michigan Ave. can't be beat; and the level of service is on par with many Four Seasons; there were quite a few bumps in the road. Number one; the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing. The desk chair was so badly worn that the "lift" button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we're not grossly obese. The back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable. My husband had to use 2 couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth; one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk. The bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink; so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door. The towels were very well worn and thin; although bath sized; which was a plus. The restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say; it was horrific. We had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables; and they (appetizers) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen. A room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side; served on a large white plate; and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic American cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad. Even the menu; as limited as it was; looked as though someone's child had written it out. The good news is that Chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go. Unfortunately for us; the 3 days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid $325/nt for our disappointments. The good news is that the mini bars' wares were incredibly well-priced - when's the last time you had a $4 beer anywhere in a hotel? (even if it was Bud and Bud lite - lol!~) The front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating. The water out of the shower was hot and plentiful; and the bed comfortable. The A/C was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever; and we had it going the entire time as it was in the 90's our entire stay. Free wi-fi - YES! And it wasn't horribly grindingly slow! No need for the advertised "upgrade" for faster wi-fi. Talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game. Apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased; but we were sadly not.
1,1,We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel; a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river.
1,0,I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up; the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound); when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No; that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice; and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic; probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman; and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept; and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs; and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt); a small croissant; and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose; for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall; the managers need to learn what customer service means; and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.
1,0,The Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding; fancy decorations; beautiful lobby; etc. However; they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail. When I checked in; I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar; only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm. I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it. In the meantime; I said; great; but what about a cold drink? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service; without asking me if this would be okay. I paid $25 for 1 glass of wine. The minibar bottle would've given me 2 glasses for about $33. Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference. When I called to complain; I was made to feel cheap. To me; it was not the money; it was the principle. The next morning; my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar. I had not. I called; and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something (duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it); and they took the charge off. They also took $10 off my room service bill; but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged. Also; when they fixed the minibar fridge; they did not replace anything in it. The guy said; it'll take a while for things to cool down. Oh; really? How about the warm beer; that was once cold; that will now taste disgusting? I guess they're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea. Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work. When I plugged it in; it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off; and then it never would come on. It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful; without worrying about each customer's experience. I don't think they go into the rooms and check them out. And their sta
1,1,Booked a room online and got a great rate under $200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location; 3 blocks I think from the water. Even though our rate was so cheap; the service was wonderful; the front desk were polite& cheerful; the doormen and valet were great and helpful; and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on; free of charge! The fitness room was clean; large and provided fruit and clean towels; and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel. Location of hotel is safe; and such a beautiful area. Check the rates directly online of the hotel's website; as it was the least expensive. We will stay here again for sure.
1,0,We went to Chicago for my 2nd wedding anniversary and stayed at Homewood. My first impression was great; very helpful valet employees and VERY nice. That is one perk of my stay here. Otherwise; we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has 19 floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up; the more beautiful the view is. So we got the 9th floor. Not what I call "high up" when the rooms started on floor 6. Then the following morning; we went to breakfast of which was ok; nothing great. My husband and I went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles; some fruit; and that was it. So; we got our food and sat down. After getting stared at for the first 15-20 minutes; an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on. Remind you; it was about 15-20 minutes after we had even entered the room. So she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast. Pretty pointless AFTER we already had gotten our food. I am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long. Last but not least; dont come with a clean car. I had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned; it was filthy dirty.
1,1,We just returned from our first trip to Chicago and stayed at the Omni. I read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the Omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on. The location; staff; rooms; amenities; etc were all wonderful. Huge thank you to TA members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program. We did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks. I loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the Chicago Tribune newspaper. We were in room 816 which was perfect. Corner suite with two out of the 3 sides of the rooms being windows with a great view. The room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma TV. The bathroom amenities were wonderful. I loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided. The turn down service was great as well. We would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us. We ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious. The blueberry muffins were the best I have ever had. Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly. The staff at the Omni is so accomodating. Everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is. Have to thank the concierge Melissa and Curtis. They were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do. I also used the gym during my stay and it was great. All the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd TV attached. And the gym itself had two plasmas. They also had cold lemon water for you after your workout. I am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning. It really was a fantastic stay at the Omni and we would never stay anywhere else. I also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there. Everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed. Thank you Trip Advisor for another great trip suggestion!
1,0,Me; My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004...they said there all spacious suites...yeah right...our room you could barely walk in...and they said theres 2 double beds...yeah well one was a pull out couch...and the bathroom...tiny tiny tiny...and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room...yeah...i wouldnt stay here again
1,0,Beautiful hotel; but doesn't have a lot to offer for the price. Sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them; TV remote would not function properly. Valet service truly needs improvement. We payed quite a bit for overnight parking; and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave. When we asked to find out what was taking so long; we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk; with no answers.
1,0,The historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel. Unfortunately; the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings. The front desk staff was rude; the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door. There are three elevators but good luck with them all working. They are very very small and when only one is up and running...you end up waiting a long time for one. Not fun when you are on the 12th floor. The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all...the room felt damp and miserable. We put the thermostat as low as it would let us (65) and the room never went below 78. (and it was 107 outside the whole trip!!!). There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant. Internet is not free either... Overall; I would never stay here again.
1,1,I arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious; great beds; pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping; spa's; Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it.
1,1,Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour; and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town; with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request; which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above; but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again.
1,1,We loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms; lobby was fabulous; pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym; staff was courteous. For us; the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel.
1,1,Our first visit to Chicago and I really cannot wait to go back. The hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful. Particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful. The room was clean; quiet and spacious; if only every hotel were like this.
1,1,The best service!!! The staff here was incredible. You never had to lift a finger. The room was huge as hotel rooms go. The view was phenomenal. Location great. What a great weekend. We did stop for a drink at the Palm Restaurant and unfortunately; it closes at 11 p.m. Too bad!!! The Lobby Lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the Palm.
1,1,We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma; mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package; he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed; a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room; 1334; was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens; two chairs; a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short; pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago.
1,0,I arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery. They put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when I arrived. The front desk staff gave me the key to my room and I put my stuff away and went to meet the group. We returned late that night and I soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that I placed my stuff in that afternoon. We went to speak with the front desk. We were met with "We can't do anything about that right now due to the hour. We will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in." Unacceptable!!! My $1500 laptop and all of the things I brought with me were in that room! Not my mistake! FINALLY; after arguing with the head of security for about 30 minutes; they knocked on the door of the room I had left my belongings in and a lady answered. She was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon. All of my belongings were recovered in the security room; however; all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation! Terrible; terrible customer service. They sent up an apology letter; champagne; and chocolate covered strawberries to the room. Although I was appreciative of the gesture; it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say "We can't do anything about it."
1,0,My in-laws booked a one night stay for New Years Eve for the two of us to stay at the James. To be brief there were a few things wrong with our stay which will prevent us from returning and advising our friends not to stay there. 1) Shoddy construction of room fixtures: ceiling light was missing leaving a fist-sized hole with wires exposed; BOTH towel racks fell off the wall without being touched; and bathroom door often came off it's sliding mechanism with gentle use. 2) When we reported these problems; employees simply put the towel racks back on the wall without properly adhering them to the wall. 3) Upon check-out; they did not have record of my in-laws paying for our stay; though it was noted on our reservation that they had made it for us. We had to pay for our ($300) gift and the in-laws were extremely upset. When we wrote a letter to management (as a manager was not available to speak with us when we left) we did not receive an adequate apology.
1,0,Good location and looks like a good property but did not seem to be managed well. Front desk staff was inattentive to customers and slow. Nice large suite for a room but plumbing fixtures were in disrepair (housekeeping staff could/should have reported each day) - partially clogged shower head; dripping sink; etc. Clean and OK; but neglected - we expected more from an Intercontinental Hotel. Many hotels to choose from in this area of Chicago - can get more for the price from almost any other.
1,0,has gone downhill so much we almost checked out. We stayed in the Dean Martin Celebrity Suite for 3 nights while entertaining customers in Chicago. We've stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula; it has always been a comfortable and clean; service oriented hotel. Not only has room service been eliminated (if you want room service it comes from Marios Italian restaurant down the street; so is ONLY Italian); complimentary morning coffee is no longer available; mini bars have been removed from the rooms; etc. etc. The only restaurant; the Pump Room was closed for a private function on Saturday night; the bar also; so we weren't even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests. Surely the function was planned before we made our reservations; but we weren't told of it. We also learned that the bell staff (who have been there for 13 and 8 years) is being eliminated. So; in other words; anyting to do with "service" is gone from this hotel. I hear they are going to begin renovations in December; but that is no excuse to let an old glory "go to pot" in the meantime. We won't be staying here when we go back in July or for Thanksgiving. We even had to pay for internet. Mind you; our bill for 3 nights was 900.00+; no room service; no restaurant/bar charges. Highway robbery for what you get ow at the Ambassador East. Sad.
1,1,My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary; and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation; I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier; to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James; this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff; the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed!
1,0,We stayed at the Swissotel for a three day weekend; and were disappointed to see the construction when we arrived. Is it just me; or is this information not clearly stated on their website? A giant tarp where a lobby should have been was pretty weird and unwelcoming. The room itself was fine. More bland and generic than the "European elegance" claimed on their website. The lack of hot water; was definitely not fine though. There were a couple pluses to our stay at Swissotel. The location is good; the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. These few good points certainly did not redeem our experience; and I wouldn't pick this place again; even post-construction.
1,0,My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut; so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room; they should have a much better ventilation system.
1,0,The Ambassador East was a average hotel at best; and mediocre at worst. The bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff. The doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you. The room was lackluster; however. The bathroom was in especially bad shape. It was dirty when we arrived; with hair in the sink and shower. The shower was in really bad shape. The shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low. The water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit. The decor throughout the hotel (lobby; hallways and rooms) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned. I would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well. The business center with free Internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use. The hotel's location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations. I would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions; but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms; I might be inclined to stay there again. ...read more
1,1,I booked a room at the Hyatt through Priceline and was able to get a rate of $45/night! Can't go wrong with that! The rooms are nice; spacious; clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need. I have to say that I have fallen in love with the Hyatt chain due to their customer service. I have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly; which you don't often see at other hotels. I used the self-check in machine; and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. Then; when she saw that my room was not on a high level; she offered to have it changed for me so that I could have a better view. I would highly recommend this hotel!
1,0,First let me say; the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I'd hoped. There are some other problems; the furnishings are quite rundown; and housekeeping wasn't very helpful. We booked a suite and the sofa bed; chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use. I've attached pictures; so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows. Comfortable it was not! The chair bottom is all broken down too. I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture; and a slight adjustment was made in our rate. As to housekeeping; we had ordered an in-room coffee service (which Kimpton's web site says is there; but you have to specifically request) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee. We had to call the front desk every day. And; housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl. I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded. These things may not matter to you; but if you plan to spend a week; like we did; you might want to be comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were superior; just the living room was bad.
1,0,THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I'd be getting a king bed. When I check in; they say they only have a queen bed room available. I protested to no avail. When I got to the room; it was really only a full size bed. So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago. For the pleasure; I paid the same price as a normal king bed room. The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable. I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses. We would wake up with body aches and headaches. My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights. Not good. Also; the internet in the room is hard to set-up; slow to use; and inconsistent. I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work. The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in. It's not really worth it. ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical. Some mornings they would take our towels (even the ones we hung up to use again) and not replace them; other times they would replace some towels and not others. They would also come at vastly different times. HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime. I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it'd be $25. No other hotel I've ever stayed in (regardless of how many stars it had) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room. Late checkout? charge. Shuttle from the airport? - nonexistent. The front deck "gold passport" people can't even figure out how to get you points. In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay (not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again). By the way; apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing. I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $25. THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower. The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses. The bars are extremely expensive; but the drinks are tasty. The food is edible too; but I wouldn't brag about it. The hotel is not directly on the main street (Michigan); but it's not too far from it. It's right next to the boat tours and; in some rooms; has a view of the Navy Pier. Our room faced another hotel; but we could see a sliver of the pier. The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park. It's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though. If you want a wonderful breakfast place; go to Wildberry on Randolph st. It'll have you waiting to eat for a long time; but it's yummy! CONCLUSION I get better rooms; better beds; better service; and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western. Save the money and stay elsewhere.
1,1,I have stayed at many hotels traveling for both business and pleasure and I can honestly stay that The James is tops. The service at the hotel is first class. The rooms are modern and very comfortable. The location is perfect within walking distance to all of the great sights and restaurants. Highly recommend to both business travellers and couples.
1,1,This is a great hotel! From the doorman who greeted us as we arrived; to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine; everyone was very friendly and helpful. We were "strangers but for a minute!" The room was extremely clean; well appointed and we had a pretty view of the Chicago River; especially enjoyed from the large window seats. Loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll! Hallways were large and quiet. The restaurant next door; South Water Kitchen is very nice too. The location is in walking distance of the theatres; parks; the river (take a cruise); Michigan Ave. It's ideal. The only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful. For a self-sufficient traveler; you wouldn't really need their services (although it is nice) but for someone coming to Chicago for the first time; a concierge can be very helpful. I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.
1,0,The Good LOCATION Views Decor Room Service Friendly Staff The Bad Shower curtain in replacement room was too short and leaked Bed was just Ok The Ugly Had to pack our bags again and change rooms after loud noises from the elevator kept us up. I am a heavy sleeper but even with my white noise app cranked on the hotel's iPod dock it was still loud enough to keep me up. Also our toilet leaked into a puddle by the shower. The staff did however provide a replacement room although not immediately. Also; they mentioned that they had AREADY been aware of the noise problem with that room from past customers.
1,0,I am not much of a complainer; as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site; but the Talbott provided such bad service that I feel the need to warn future travelers to Chicago: My girlfriend and I stayed at the Talbott for 2 nights in late July 2006. The first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone. The receptionist was outright rude; but took the reservation without a mistake. During our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent; the waiters; the managers; nobody was friendly; nor tied to accommodate us. [------------------------] We and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from 12-2 to have an after hour's party. The hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions. When we returned from the reception at 11:50pm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends. "Nobody told us; we can't do anything for you." "Are you sure that you arranged this?" Two quotes so typical for this hotel's staff that I know that I will never stay at this hotel again. I understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel; but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what I know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste.[-----]
1,1,Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large; so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in; the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV; decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale; but we also paid over $300/night there.
1,0,The Conrad Hilton recently took over this property from the failed Meridian Hotel. It seems that the Conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn't work. The entrance is very difficult to find. There are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby. As a result; there was often a line waiting for them. The same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area. If you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay; you will find the poor elevator layout annoying. The King room is what I would consider small compared to other Chicago hotels. Although I like modern design; the room was quite stark and cold. It was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear. The bathroom was the best part. Has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk? It was the most uncomfortable set-up I've experienced. The views are non-existent for most of the rooms. In a city with amazing vistas; this was disappointing. I saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them. Room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay. Excellent food and high quality presentation. Sorry I couldn't write a better review. Would I stay here again? No. Chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them.
1,1,Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again; even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor; we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed; mini coffe maker; plenty storage space and a lovely; clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much; I know!). If you're a product junkie; tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave; found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception; gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy; I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh; and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate; if you like laid back; contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you!
1,1,I stayed at the Allegro in July for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great. I had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny; but ours was perfectly fine; with funky; fun doors. The decor is a lot of fun. We were on the 15th floor and there was absolutely no street noise. The front desk staff was very friendly; and before we even made it to the desk; a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival. We were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to Navy Pier. For people who were upset about no free coffee - there's a Dunkin Donuts about a block away. I definitely recommend this hotel!
1,0,no bell boys there when you need them; sully staff; no smiles at all in this place. had to wait 30 min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff. boy; sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in SF. never here again!
1,0,Arrived at 1:30am only to find that sleep was not in my future because of the dance club connected to the hotel. If you party and stay out all night anyway; this hotel would be fine. But don't plan to get any rest if the club is open! Front desk lady was extremely rude to people calling in to inquire about the hotel while I was checking in. She was fine with me and gave me a corner room; but sure wouldn't want to be on her bad side.
1,1,I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return; the doorman then asked about my walk; etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent; plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect; considering the conference rate was $99 per night!
1,0,My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout "American Girl" Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it's glowing reviews. We arrived late and maybe that's when they put out their second-stringers; but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion. I'll never understand this--they're in the hospitality business and they're inhospitable! (This is getting picky; but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance. The repeated "HM" initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability). When we got to our room we found the maid's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed (yuck!). I'm still trying to figure out that scenario. There were no ashes--so I've ruled out spontaneous combustion. Also; to the disappointment of my daughter; the much-advertised goldfish was MIA. The bellhop (who apologized for the shoes) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed "...is that OK?" he said. I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35C/ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy. On the up side; the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ("I'd like to live here!" she said). The bed is VERY comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now. The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper. Come on Kimpton! How much can a decent roll cost? The view towards the river is great (try to get one) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own "club house" watching the world go by from from high above the city. In short: very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer (wouldn't cost anything and would have made up for the maid's shoes!)
1,1,Hotel Monaco is in a really great location; only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did). The daily; complimentary; wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out. If you can; leave your car behind; you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey; which is not very surprising considering the location. Everything was clean; fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around "the loop" was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning.
1,1,We stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th; 2009 for $125/night. It is located on Michigan Ave; just two blocks from the Mag Mile; two blocks from Millenium Park; and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute. Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed. The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms. Parking was $45 for valet and $30 for self parking. The staff was very helpful with all of our request.
1,1,Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room; and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone; or them shower.
1,1,In a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood. A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby; the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink. We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood. It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating.
1,0,A lovely hotel in a trendy part of Chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels. The rooms are very; very well appointed; but not large; and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception. Unfortunately; the service was below average in every way: they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline; valets didn't deliver the car and had to be asked twice; the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost; and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue. It amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in 6 hours! And even after recognizing their shortcomings; not one sincere or significant apology. A poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built; well-furnished hotel.
1,0,Attended a wedding in Chicago; Sofitel is new; humming; very very modern (W hotel style - minimalist) and a great location. However; I miss the basics of a less trendy hotel. We checked in at 7 PM and our room wasn't ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me!!! I had to wait in the hallway .... On the weekend I came back for a nap at about 3:30 PM after vacating the room at 8:30 AM and it still wasn't made up. The housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room. Also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one....I gave up...This is a hot; youth hotel but for my next visit; I think I'd prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping; a somewhat larger room that you can walk around; and a less trendy; hot; loud clientele. I'm over 40.
1,1,My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet; it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey; it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again.
1,1,Other reviews complain about the small rooms. For a major city; we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings. One feature we liked is the ability to open the window. The Knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off Michigan Avenue in the best area of Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful. For the $116 we paid on Hotwire; we could not have found a better room in downtown Chicago.
1,1,This small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the Loop and the Miracle Mile. Two blocks west of the Wrigley Building and so convenient to restaurants; etc. The staff; from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating. The delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient; the evening happy hour is more than generous; and the morning paper is welcome. Bedding is so comfortable. This is our second stay; and certainly not our last. We love Chicago; and this hotel is one of the reasons why.
1,1,We spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience. As described in previous reviews. the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding. Service was excellent overall (I especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service). The door and bellmen/women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. We had completely satisfactory (though overpriced) drinks in the bar but didn't eat at the restaurant. The health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained. While there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers; I never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a Chicago winter! One minor quibble--I like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker. The restaurant offered free coffee "to-go" but only before eight AM. This is a very; very comfortable; attractive hotel in a wonderful location. Chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money.
1,0,I found this hotel in the "Small Luxury Hotels of the World" booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years; and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels. I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England. The Talbott was excellently located; although i had a view of a building site; and did have an ambience and some charm; however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling. I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time; having previously attempted to check in earlier; tired and in need of a rest; while a "final check" was done to my room. The valet parking was not outside when requested; breakfast was not included in the price; all the things requested of reception did not occur; and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special. I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant; where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel. I was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all.
1,1,Just returned from a week in Chicago with the family. This hotel was perfect for us. Location is great; kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums; touring; ball games; etc. We checked in through Hilton Honors Desk as opposed to the regular check in line. Even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate; they gave us a pick of the the rooms. The room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us. Used valet parking which was hasselfree. We had a great experience and would stay there again.
1,1,My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February. Everything about the hotel and experience was superb. The location was wonderful as well. Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier. The best part of the stay was the "sweet sleeper" bed. It was so comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful as well. Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton! I will stay here again!
1,1,For the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated; and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive; and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49; so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked; and as others have noted; the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return; esp as this pricepoint.
1,0,Just back from spending Memorial Day weekend in Chicago. We decided to stay at the Talbott; and we reserved a room there over a month ago. I must say that we found the staff to be wonderful; but the accommodations to be quite disappointing. We were given room #1605. Avoid this room at all costs! The adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night (and then awaken you at 6 AM). In addition; we had requested a king bed; and #1605 has two doubles. We were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room. Despite the very friendly staff and its super location; the Talbott was less than what we expected; and we would probably not stay there again.
1,1,I am a fan of Kimpton Hotels; however I have never experienced top service as I did at the Hotel Allegro. Even before my visit; concierge Mark Kraemer advised us on things to see; and booked tickets in advance to Second City. We were welcomed warmly on arrival; and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel. All the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience. The hotel is next to City Hall; where I had some business. We had a large quiet room; and used room service-the meal came quickly; and included a a bonus fruit cup. Enjoyed the pasta night (20 dollars for a three course meal) at the 312 restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful; the main pasta a bit too salty. And that is the only complaint I can make-from start to finish; if you want attentive service; this is the place to be. Thank you; Hotel Allegro; for a great stay. I can't wait to return.
1,0,This place had character I'll give it that. But it wasn't really my style. Arrived late in the evening. The first room they gave me the TV didn't work. Maintenance took a look at it; and couldn't figure it out. Told me I'd have to wait until the morning for the electrician. He then passed some gas and left. Real professional. I phoned the front desk on account of the tv; and was able to get another room The second room was much like the first. Horrible striped wall paper; dingy; and old worn carpet. Bathroom was incredibly small. Hard to use the toliet without banging into the door; or the sink. Very cramped. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Room temp hard to regulate and the AC somewhat noisy. Location seem very convenient. I was there for a training session about 8 blocks away. But all of the theatres seemed to be near by; if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two. And don't make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card. It was about $2/minute. I knew it would be expensive but wasn't expecting that type of rate.
1,1,The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked "pantry and refrigerator" to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need; the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before; the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night; we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit.
1,1,We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable; with nice amenities; and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels.
1,1,We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business; but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting. The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay; but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby; we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa; coffee table; desk; mini-bar with sink and coffee maker; and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room; but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room; and once again; possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious; and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs); are peppered throughout. We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant; Aria; couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely. Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit; but seriously; these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also; the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above; the front desk experience could be improved. Best feature: After our first stay; I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay; I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay; but still received a warm; friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously; and for that; they've won my loyalty.
1,0,We booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on Priceline; paid $85 which thought was good price for a 4* in downtown Chicago. The location is great. The hotel minimally OK> Unsure how it gets a 4* rating. It is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift. Staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay. However I would NOT recommend this hotel. I would rather have paid $100 and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case. My suggestion DO NOT BOOK PRICELINE FOR CHICAGO IL AND ASK FOR 4 * BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE ALMOST SURE TO GET.....NOT GOOD ENOUGH PRICELINE.!! IN MY OPINION.
1,1,beautiful place with European charm. No complaints; great location; (never like parking in Chicago; though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby; a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown; Navy Pier; and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park; too)...Loved it.
1,0,This hotel must have originally been an ordinary downtown hotel in a not very nice neighborhood. The owners have painted it over and fixed up the lobby to make it an "upscale" overpriced boutique hotel. But it's still just an ordinary hotel with a paint job. Stay here if you want to experience staying in a flophouse; but with all the sleaze removed. Definitely stay at the chain's other location; the Burnham; for a much; much nicer hotel.
1,1,We just got back from a great weekend in Chicago and have no complaints about the Palmer House. It's very easy to get to from O'hare(the Blue line on the EL train) and then just a 2 block walk from the train station. The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is super friendly and go out of their way to help. We booked an air/hotel package deal on Expedia. We expected to stay in a room with a full size bed but for only $45 extra per night we upgraded to the Excutive level! Best decision of the trip. We had a beautiful room with a King bed;down comforter;robes;plush towels etc...it also included a nice Continental breakfast each morning;all day snacks and beverages and a great happy hour! We took advantage of this every day. The location was great..lots of shopping along State St. and to get to the Magnificent Mile was a $5 cab ride or a 20 minute walk! We'll be back to Chicago and the Palmer House!
1,0,A disappointment to say the least. I have heard rave after rave about Hotel Allegro and was super excited when our brother-in-law gave us an American Express gift card that we decided to use for a night out! I called Hotel Allegro and made the reservation for a Saturday night. The person who took the reservation was very sweet and assured me that there would be no problem using the gift card; since they do indeed take American Express. I couldn't wait to get there! We arrive at Hotel Allegro at about 3:00 on Saturday afternoon. Me; the tourist; I am already taking pics of the sign out front and trying to get a sneek peak of the ballroom set up for a wedding. We get in the line to check in. I give them the gift card and my check card. They tell me that neither one will work because they are charging the cards for not only the room rate; but for incidentals as well. We give them a credit card instead. While in line checking in; we hear complaint after complaint from other guests and I start to wonder what our experience is going to be like. The guy at the front desk is on the radio with the bell-man. Someone's luggage has been lost. He desk clerk snaps at the bell-man for the entire line to see. Not impressed. We get to our little shoebox of a room that I was so disappointed to see. The rooms on the website looked glorious! My bedroom at home is nicer than this tiny room. The sink is too small - water splashes everywhere even as evident by the water all over the floor when we got into our room. Yuck. We stay the night and go to check out in the morning. Again; I give them the American Express gift card. The clerk says "their system usually doesn't take them". I tell him that I called to confirm that their system would take it on Friday. He swipes the card and bam! it works! What do you know?? He was so rude. I will not stay at Hotel Allegro again; nor would I recommend it to anyone. Such a disappointment!
1,0,I have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years. On business; for personal trips. This trip started off quite rocky; and left me very un-impressed. 1) Be aware; they have a new policy where they charge debit card $55 per day for "incidentals" which you *may* incur. They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card. Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance. The desk clerk claimed "all the hotels do this now"...funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card; I was never asked for additional funds. Having a policy is one thing; spreading blame for it is another. While not a problem for me; someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this "policy" of theirs. To my knowledge; they never did this sort of thing before. (I don't use Credit Cards; its why I have money in a recession. =)) 2) Rooms were clean; but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list. The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water (about 600 ML) for $7.50. As such; be careful with the tray of goodies. If the water is $7.50; imagine what the snickers bar might cost. 3) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken; and would not move. Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing. Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it; and it seemed to be off its track. I was able to successfully "fix" it; but the lack of response from maintenance; considering the rate for a suite; is sad. I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive. 4) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now. Overall; I think I will be skipping the Omni; and they will get no more of my business. It seems Hilton treats people better overall. It's quite sad; as I have a lot of good memories with Omni. I will not be back.
1,0,I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy; etc. However; when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation; I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a "3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay" policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!
1,1,This was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful ; The rooms are especially large; and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance; they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center; gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago.
1,0,The air-condition has a noisy fan/compressor in each room. It starts every 3 to 5 min and the noise will wake you up. At least the first night. This is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced. The postal service at the hotel is non-working. The hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by UPS. The tickets were at the Hotel General Managers office. The reception denied that they had arrived. We had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it. The Hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience. The concert was the reason for our travel to Chicago. Else; the Hotel had good standard; free internet in the lobby; not to good view from the rooms; and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars. We had booked 20 room-nights all together staying at room 612; 425 and 431 from the 23rd June.
1,0,I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker; bed; hangers; tv; etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly; not well-versed in English; and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time; despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much; at least provide the full 70 channels.
1,0,I was looking for a fun; contemporary hotel and it didn't deliver. The lobby was nice; and the rooms were mostly clean; but it really wasn't special. Service time was slow for room requests; I found empty water bottles under the chair; and the a
1,1,Stayed for 3 nights for our anniversary. The desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary; he gave us an upgrade...imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only 3 other rooms! Corner tower suite with a view of the river and Michigan ave. Beautiful! Cabs available right outside the lobby... Never paid more than $7 for a cab ride. If you go in Dec. you must go to the ChrisKindl Festival for strudel!
1,1,We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open; this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two's. Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The location of the hotel is the best; we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.
1,1,My husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier; Marshall Field; Michigan Avenue & John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet; upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again!
1,1,Great location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay.
1,1,Very pleasant front staff; wine in the evening in the lobby; large rooms; great rates; and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports.
1,1,This is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities. Everyone was helpful. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. The bed was "just like home". We would definitely stay again. A nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home. It was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best.
1,1,I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room; with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great; loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location; connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all; a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people.
1,0,This is an older hotel; and the age shows. Rooms are small; and a bit drab. Bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade. Bed was comfortable; though; and the room was quiet; Hotel staff was polite; but not really interested in the guest. Even the concierge was disinterested. Check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line. Really; a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better. The hotel really didnt seem to be trying.
1,0,The hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people. Executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours. Other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel. One of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place. While the location is good; this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what Swissotel is supposed to be; and there are far better choices in Chicago. It would not be my choice for a return stay.
1,0,We were checked into a room with empty beer bottles; dirty underwear in the closet and unclean bathroom. There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints. We missed our show because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc. Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles especially when I had a child and a teenager with me she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience!!! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night. They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets. I asked for two blanket ; but they delivered one. I had to keep calling to get settled. I saw a comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk; who had taken the trouble of filling it out; but no one collected it or cared for it. ht. Noisy rooms. Can hear the doors all night. Thebreakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished. I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates!!
1,0,I just had a conference there. They have bed bugs--I have all these bug bites and it itches like hell. Food wise; we had chicken BOTH times for lunch (maybe my company was saving some $) but they should at least prepare them differently. It looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying "bed" upon which it is served. For dinner; we had filet mignon and crab cake. Sounds good right? Wrong! The filet mignon seems to be 1/2 the thickness of what I have seen and it was tough. I thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow???? Also; the crab cakes was a bit too salty. Finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking. In asking my co-worker; most seem to be blase about the food. However; some seem to like the burger (which they went to substitute) at the Palms; which is a restaurant inside the hotel; just off the lobby. On the positive note; the dessert for dinner was good. Otherwise; I'd recommend another hotel. In the meantime; when I got home; I make sure to bring EVERYTHING straight to the washer/dryer to disinfect (even strip down). But; damn; I'm still itchin'
1,0,This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means. Incompetent service. Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday. Elevators were very slow; waited 10 minutes on any given event. Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night. Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points. Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful. No free wireless and no free cable channels. Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use. With http://hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect.?.... Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives.
1,1,Just returned to Seattle after a visit home to Chicago and I loved The James!!! Recently stayed at the Ritz at Water Tower and the Dana around the corner--both of which were great but The James was perfect. Secured the room through a package w/ American Express for a great deal so though the view wasn't great the space; decor and location can't be beat. Staff was friendly; courteous and very helpful; the gym was substantial and though I didn't try the restaurants/room service; the menus looked yummy. I've stayed in Chgo in that area on avg 1-2s/mo over the past three years and the James is at the top my list now. If you can get a good deal; I highly recommend!!
1,1,My wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice. As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge (free food & drinks). The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago.
1,0,The hotel is just ok. Stayed there for 5 days when visiting friends. They had a renovation going so there was no lobby; bar or anything. Just a decently furnished room for 200 usd. The renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge... much less untill its done. You cant beat the location! Very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife!
1,0,This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave; but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night; the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel.
1,0,Stayed at the Amalfi hotel in Chicago this month with good expectations. And what a disappointment! Paid just under $200 for a "deluxe king"; and what we got was a 2nd floor view of construction; a dirty; badly "rehabbed" bathroom; itchy sheets; no down comforter!! (just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing) ; previously opened bottles in our mini bar; and plenty of rude; inexperienced staff members & managers (def. not a 3 or 4 star staffing!!) I do live in Chicago; and have stayed at a wide range of places. I know that for $200 in February; you can expect a great hotel. As there were many available the weekend we stayed at Amalfi; choosing it over say; the Palmer House Hilton; Hotel Sax; Sutton Place; Hotel 71; was a huge waste. Definitely keep looking and book elsewhere. Not worth the price at all; don't let their pictures fool you. Also; I wouldn't say that our experience was just a rare mishap; the hotel looks like an old Days Inn that had undergone a slight renvation; i.e.; new lamps.
1,1,Stayed at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff; the room; and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course; there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat; but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel; so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great; with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others.
1,0,My husband and I and our 10 month old took a quick trip to Chicago. We stayed one night at The Palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel. I guess I am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel. Yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small I couldn't set up a pack and play for my son. I had to call and "upgrade" my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep. The lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a Holiday Inn. The wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty. I will NEVER stay there again.
1,1,We arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel. The cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in. The second night we went earlier and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area. The rooms were modern and very clean. We will stay there again.
1,0,This was the 2nd time that we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The first time was far above our expectations for a $69/per night room. The rooms are very nice; and the beds are comfortable. This time we got a great rate through travelzoo @ $104/ night for a room with a view. We were aware of the $41 parking per night. The first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn't park they were full. We had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over 45 minutes looking at closed parking garages. (It was a Saturday evening) Finally found a spot and were told that it would be $38. This was 6 blocks from the hotel. Mind you its -6 outside and we have luggage to carry too. Not very good service for a 5-star hotel. We got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby; its called the harddrive. That's cool and all; yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room; it wasn't an issue. The HVAC controls to our room were broken. The first night we were ok; but by the second night it was blazing hot in there; 86 degrees. So hot we couldn't sleep. It was miserable. They sent up the "engineer" and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window; 24 floors up. It never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night. It was 5 below that night and the window being open 8" didn't help. They would not put us in another room either. At checkout; Monday morning; our bill came to $240.43 after taxes for the room. We then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for $56.65. Cool; I got my reciepts and went on our way. On Wednesday I was on my online banking checking my account; to find that Hyatt charged me $289.03 and another charge of $103.63!!! That is almost $100 more than what the reciepts from checkout say. I was furious; so I called the hotel. Nothing was resolved by my phone call; they treated me as if $100 isn't but something you wipe with. She said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off. That didn't settle well with me; but what could I do. I waited. Its Friday now. I check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts; and they still have "authorizations" on the two incorrect amounts as well. They have charged me an additional $300!!!!!! Im so furious! and guess what... Hyatt doesn't care. They gave me the same [--] line as they did Wednesday. SAVE YOURSELF SOME HASSLE AND DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU HAVE EXTRA MONEY FOR THEM TO PLAY WITH.
1,1,I just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat! The hotel website offers a great rate; and what I found was affordable luxury. I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view; in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom; terrycloth robes and slippers; turndown service; Roger Gallet toiletries; a fluffy down conforter; and a wonderful pillowtop bed. The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled. The service was impeccable as well. Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants; brioches; & pain au chocolat. The decor was unique & the location convenient. Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby. This is a topnotch hotel.
1,1,My family and I stayed at this hotel during an extended weekend trip in July; 08. We had (3) 1 bedroom suites. Great Location in downtown Chicago. Within walking distance to shopping and most downtown tourist attractions. The service was excellent and the hotel staff was friendly. The breakfast buffet was very good but the eating area can get crowded. I recommend going early. The rooms were quiet and clean. I highly recommend this hotel for families and for travelers staying >2-3 days. We would stay here again. Parking is expensive; about $28/day. It is valet. The cheapest self parking I could find in the area was $24/days so we did valet parking. The valet and bell staff were very helpful and friendly. This is my 3rd experience with Homewood Suites (3 different cities). I have had a great experience each time.
1,0,I'm sitting in the hotel as I right this review and am not impressed with the room. The hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you're staying in your grandmother's attic. Wallpaper is peeling off the wall; not well lit; very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones (none next to the bed or built into lamps); terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at 7am. Even the location is off the beaten path - closest L stop is on the Red Line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring. Health club is not on site either. There are hundreds of other hotels I would stay in over this one.
1,0,I booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor. After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds. I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds. When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests. Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed. The staff was completely unaccomodating. To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The customer service is well below what is acceptable. The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago. Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!!
1,1,It has been a couple of years since I stayed here; and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great; but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more; as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing; and with the Berghoff open again; there is a great restaurant within walking distance.
1,0,The room itself was fine and comfortable(very peaceful); but the customer service by the so-called; concierge or "experience something or the others" left much to be desired. First; I arrived and the doorman walked me to the desk. I was not greeted with the usual "Hello; welcome to...". Instead; I got; "Your name? ID?" No; "hello"; no "welcome to the Amalfi Hotel;" just plain old poor customer service from the very beginning! That left a very bad taste in my mouth; but I decided to let it go and see how the rest of my stay was.
1,1,Just spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel; while in Chicago on business. Booked a king-corner room and loved it. Largest room I've ever had in a hotel in Chicago; incredibly comfortable; very clean. The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too. And the location couldn't be beat. Walking distance to the the River; the Loop; Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation. I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise; yes there is some street noise; and the building across the street is under construction (the noise from that was usually between 730-4; if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side) but really; in downtown Chicago it's not going to be silent; if you want silence stay in the suburbs. If you want a great hotel (at a great price) right in the thick of everything; stay at the Amalfi.
1,0,To start with; this hotel had the worst customer service. They were impossible to work with on EVERYTHING! Now; the problems we had in chronological order. First; we arrive at 8 PM Sat. to check in. They did not have the room with 2 beds we had reserved available; so they offered us a room with one bed and a rollaway (free of charge). However; the room was not ready yet. Finally at 10.30! (2.5 hrs later) we were able to get our room keys. But; there was no rollaway. Another 30 mins and 3 phone calls later; we had a rollaway; but had to get the charge waived a second time. Now we go to check out on Mon. and they couldn't print us a bill or give us a total. We stop 3 hrs down the road to get gas only to find out that our bank card had been overdrawn $2;127.00! We called the bank and found out the hotel had ran our card through 3 TIMES; for $709 each; when our bill was supposed to be $450. After sitting at the gas station on the phone for 1.5hrs; the money was finally put back in our account so we could continue our trip home. I would recommend a Holiday Inn over the Intercontinental any day.
1,0,This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro. The previous times; I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro. But my reaction has soured on this place. We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping. From the very start; this year was a disappointment. I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro. I was quoted one price (higher than what was on line); when I mentioned this; I was told I could have the lower price. At check in; the desk was nice but not friendly. We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past (punishment for asking for a lower price?) The closet had no hangers; we had no place to put our suitcase. No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening. On the second day; we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing. It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one. I wrote the management following our stay. I have yet to receive a reply. Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time. I would advise others to do the same.
1,0,I'd been searching for a cool; non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults; we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored; but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride; was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night; so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree; dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed; I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago; but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny; shower curtain was stained; funky toilet seat/lid; and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms; i.e.; "Holy crap; have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker; they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these; but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar; but weak drinks... That night; our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
1,1,The Sheraton is a fantastic hotel. My wife and I stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The view was great. We got a corner room that also had a couch in. The hotel was just a short walk to the Navy Pier and the Magnificant Mile Shopping area. Food at the hotel was great. Service from checking in to maid service was first class. Great Hotel; Great Town; Highly recommend it.
1,1,My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious; comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific; just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits.
1,1,My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite. When we arrived; she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested--and more. Our suite had a partial view of the lake!!! And; we were able to check in early. The service at this hotel is incredible. Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had. The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel; very near to Michigan Avenue. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough. We really couldn't have asked for a better hotel. We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there.
1,0,I selected the Talbott after 3 hrs comparing hotels online. We have had wonderful experiences with boutiques (Monaco; Allegro) and assumed this would be comparable. Good points: the lobby is beautiful; and one staff member took roses I bought for my wife and arranged them nicely. The many problems: When my wife called with a question on our arrival day; the agent could find no reservation -- 15 mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly. When we arrived; the lobby was stuffed with students; nobody tried to manage the group; several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk. We left our bags and went out for 2 hrs so we could check in with less hassle. We finally were checked in; after waiting 15 mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms. When we got there; our room had not been made up from the last guest. When we complained; we were given an "upgrade" to a room that was old and uninspired. Chairs are scuffed; closet shelves are bowed; the air conditioner is noisy; and a wall lamp is loose. The view is of a construction site. Movies-on-demand are dated. We expect this from a budget hotel; not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale. When we returned after an evening out; the card reader to open the main doors did not work. One staff member admonished us (really) for not using the reader; when in fact we had tried. This was embarrassing; as others were standing in the lobby. I tried to access the hotel's wifi network; but was only given a $9.95 upgrade option. I called the desk; and was told to "click past it"; which of course did nothing. It wasn't until 2 hrs later the complimentary access worked. We are pretty easygoing; we love good treatment and tip handsomely. If we had only 1or 2 problems; we wouldn't write. In fact; we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right. The president wrote a letter; and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch...nobody ever was.
1,1,Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful; arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again.
1,0,Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere; primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service; beverages like water or soda at the wine bar; coffee and papers in the morning; help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things; the staff was not helpful; either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman; the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child; I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
1,1,We stayed here from Nov. 30 to Dec 2 and had a wonderful time. The hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in Kitty O'Shea's. We had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows. You can request other types if you have a problem with feathers. The large flat screen TV was very nice. Bath products were by Crabtree & Evelyn and included shampoo; conditioner; mouthwash and bady lotion. Plenty of coffee was provided. We drank and had snacks at Kitty O'Shea's. The crowd was fun and there was live Irish folk music each night. Good selection of beer and good Shepards Pie; Cheese Dip and Crisps! The location worked very well for us. We walked to the Art Museum and Buddy Guys Blues Club is right across the street. And shopping was a breeze using the shuttle! The cab ride to the Museum of Science and Industry was quite far though and cost about $15 each way. An excellent weekend getaway!
1,0,I haven't stayed all that much with Hyatt and I'm not sure if I will be going back anytime soon. The staff was very professional and helpful. Our room was close to being 4 stars; however; fell a little short. It really is time for a remodel of the bathroom. The toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush. I'm not a germ freak or anything; however; I really don't want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if I don't have to. The hotel was fully booked with a teen convention (FCCLA) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it. The noise at night from every direction. The only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party. Coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic. With little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another; absolutely ridiculous. The lobby of the Hyatt at night was a complete Zoo. During our second night I finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the Hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn't anything they could do. ...read more
1,0,Stayed at the Fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel. Good location but the room was dirty; and not just from the last housekeeping. It was dingy: a place where you needed the slippers they provided. And this was a suite. Also; the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn't work. Furthermore; because my travel agent had mixed up the dates I was to travel; I showed up a day late. The hotel said it wasn't a problem and that I wouldn't be charged for the no-show the night before. I had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day. Then the Fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve. Neither I nor my corporate travel desk will use the Fitzpatrick again. Two dots only because it's in a good location and because the lobby was clean. I'm generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad.
1,0,I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel; after hearing all the good things about it. Unfortunately; it was a very underwhelming experience; to say the least. But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel. First off; it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy; affluent part of town that is Chicago's equivalent of Manhattan's Upper East Side; complete with sidewalks; quiet tree-lined streets; real old-school townhouses (instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums); cute boutiques (instead of Gap; Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands) and; of course; Hermes of Paris (which warrants a separate mention). I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches; cherry colored wooden furnitures; area rugs and distinct artwork. The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains. I definitely love the room. While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan; getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task. So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous; ample bathroom; double sink; massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around; do a chicken dance; and strut my Herve and Louboutins in. My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room; but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us; so can't have it all! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service; or lack thereof. I mean; seriously. They don't call it the 'hospitality' industry for no reason. I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say; a 3000-room Vegas hotel. First; I called in to reconfirm my reservation. The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent. First off; she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff; to whom I had to explain myself all over again (my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service). The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly; nor was he at all competent either. Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in; which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there. But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM. As a general rule; I am never; ever; a big fan of room service; having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18% gratuity; 10.5% tax (and still expect a tip) on during my days globetrotting on the company's expense account. Think overcooked steaks; lukewarm soup; bread hard enough to knock someone out; and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite. So I really wasn't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service; but lo and behold; they do. I placed an order of chicken BLT; which (to my initial delight) came in within 20 minutes. Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $2 on top of the 18% service fee (refer above) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin; microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay's chips (lightly salted flavor). The bread looked like someone stomped on it; the L and T looked like it was 2 days old; the B was unrecognizable; and the chicken was burnt and cold. It was pathetic room service at its finest. We did get the item taken off our bill (rightfully so too) but the front desk person was; instead of apologetic; defiant. The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving; it's quite an accomplishment in and of itself. We won't be coming back; unfortunately.
1,1,The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet; the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work; it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again!
1,0,I chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed. The previous weekend; I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away; and was much more impressed there. The Hard Rock had a number of issues including: very dark room - not much light (artificial or natural); lots of street noise; very cheap decor and furniture; broken cabinet door; very warm room - said they would send maintenance; but they never arrived; had bar charges on account that were not ours. Overall; I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel. I expected a much better experience!
1,0,Not worth the price. We almost stayed at a hotel for $110 a night; but instead choose the Hard Rock for $180 (a special). We were located on the "newly renovated" Beatles floor. The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced. Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait. I think they were halfway done re theming the room. At checkout they tried to charge us $11 for using the mini-bar which we didn't even open. They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge. Nothing special here. If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you.
1,0,My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city; choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad. We've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there. It's not that way here. These may be all ticky tacky things; but they added up to us. First of all; the room. We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with "an Incredible view". Well; our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us. That was all we could see. So there was no view. The room was muggy. We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74. We woke up sweaty both days. When we opened the window to get a breeze; the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing. The room was small and dark; but it didn't bother us that much. The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in. And we even joked about stealing the pillows! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster; but they removed the charges no prob. Throughout the entire hotel; I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia. I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel; throw a Styx guitar on the wall; and slap a HRH emblem on the outside. The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation. The location is good; right on the south end of the mag mile; but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping; quality eats; and Navy Pier. If you have a car; parking will cost you $38/day; which is prob normal for downtown. The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant. The bar was small and trendy; and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they didn't have a blender. WHAAT???? A HRH without a blender? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town???? Mind blowing! I would never; never; never go back here. Like I said; there are many better hotels in much better locations. I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again.
1,0,How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.
1,0,Here are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good location -Nice staff -Clean room Cons: -Lack of bathroom amenities (I get better items at a Holiday Inn) -Housekeeping wasn't so great... 1. A bathroom rug was taken out of my room (no idea why) and never returned it. The marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery...I had to throw towels on the ground to make sure I did not fall. 2. I was charged for items I did not take out of the minibar.
1,0,We booked through a travel website. This hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in September. The public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done. The hallway was so dimly lit; we couldn't see how to use the key card. The shock came when we entered the room. Whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest's comfort into consideration. The bed was a mere 15 inches off the ground - a mattress (rock hard) over a platform. The "nigh stands" were shelves attached to the wall at around 12 inches height. The room was stark - all off-white; no color. No art work or any decoration at all. The full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit; if it were winter and the heat was on; I think this could be dangerous. There was a desk & chair but no clock/radio in the room; there was a wall mounted LCD tv with very poor channel selection. The bathroom was very small but clean. The problem with it was that the tub was almost 2 ft high and difficult to step in to. An older person could have never stayed in the room. Because of the renovation; there was no restaurant on-site. No vending or ice available on the floor either I can't see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel. I would never stay there again.
1,0,Two main issues: (1) understaffed from the street to the front desk. Unfortunately I had to drive into the city; when I arrived there was an excessively long wait for parking. Then inside; there was a huge queue line with just one clerk working in a big city hotel. Not good (I will say friendly however) (2) I know this is a big city; but; $49 a night to park my car when I'm staying at that hotel? Really?? That's unreasonable and a bit gouging in my opinion. Again; I realize this is Chicago; but; I'm already paying a hefty price for this outdated hotel.
1,1,While I had stayed in the Hotel Monaco before; this was my husband's first trip to Chicago and I insisted we stay here as I loved it the first time. Well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful. The warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing. Unfortunately we missed the wine hour. One thing that realy impressed me is that b/c of flight delays we got to Chicago a day late -- Hotel Monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation.
1,0,This hotel is trading on the Hilton name and although adequate the decor is dated and depressing. Although classed as a three star the prices do not reflect this. It was more expensive than other four star hotels in the neighbourhood; The breakfast is poor quality and the room very crowded. All in all the worst hotel we stayed at in a 14 day tour of Canada and the USA. Would not stay there again.
1,1,I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in Chicago. Ideal position; lovely quiet rooms; good facilities; complimentary breakfast well received and the Manager's evening drinks reception excellent; we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks. The in-house Amalfitini cocktail was very good. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I ever return to Chicago I would certainly stay there again. Theres nothing bad I can say about this hotel.
1,0,I called the reservations line to book a room at the beginning of December 2012 for a rate with a local corporation. When I first made the reservation I did not get an e-mail confirmation. I had to call again to get the e-mail and then saw that I was booked in a handicapped accessible room which i did not need as there was me; my wife and three year old. I called the reservation line and asked for a regular room which they said was impossible at the rate I was at; however for ten dollars more I can upgrade to a regular room. I then asked what if a disabled person needs the room and he said he could not help me. i told them to cancel the room. based on the reservation experience; I did not want to run into anymore trouble at this hotel.
1,0,We ate at the Prime House restaurant last year; that is why we picked the hotel. Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding. This year the service felt rushed. The waitress even asked why we were eating so early. It was 6:30pm. Our room in the hotel felt cramped. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom had maintenance problems. The maid service and turndown out night was good. All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying.
1,1,We've just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess. And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable. Even parts of the lobby had "wet paint" stickers. All these things could have made for a disappointing stay. Not so!! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff. After just a few minutes we felt like we were "at home." The suite on the 25th floor; with a fab view along a wall of windows; was sparkling fresh and clean. The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger...she was right! Everything in and about the room was "like-new" and very stylish. As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance. Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff; a fantastic location; and chic decorating elements; this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago. The stay was short..but sweet.
1,0,My family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August. We were promised a room with two double beds. When we arrived (earlier than most) we were told they were 45 double beds short. We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed. We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away. Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed. The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel. The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night. The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating. We were so disappointed in this hotel. Also; they do not have a pool here. If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $20 a day to use it. $80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous. Do yourself a favor; if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise; go elsewhere. Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one. I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they don't care; even when I told them I'd write a review on this website. Chicago is an awesome city though. We loved it!
1,0,First of all; Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered. The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word!! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel. When we went to leave the gate would not open. We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up. They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure. The Hotel itself is beautiful!!! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful. They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all!!!!
1,1,My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate; $175; I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70; it's a steal. For its online face value; not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price.
1,1,Review's a little late; but... My husband & I first stayed at the Amalfi in 8/06 totally based on reviews I read on this website. We were totally WOWED!! Loved the location; the room; the Aveda bath products; but most of all loved the evening reception & breakfast on our floor. I returned to Chicago with 3 girlfriends in 9/07 and booked us in a suite at the Amalfi. It was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased! Will stay next time I'm in Chicago too!! P.S. They honor a government rate!!!!
1,1,I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent. I was given a very large room with great views of the city; the breakfast was extremely good; and the location was as central as I could have wished for. The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims. In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too. Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago.
1,1,Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park; the Loop and Michigan Ave.
1,0,What can I say... this USED to be our FAVORITE hotel in Chicago because of its location; its historic and gorgeous pool; it amazing Sunday brunch; it's relatively low price compared to comparable hotels; its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership... All of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding THUD. Let's break it down: Location: I'll concede that it's still great. Get a corner room in the Historic tower higher than the 20th floor with a view of Michigan Ave and/or the river. Its historic and gorgeous pool: Closed indefinitely! When asked when it will re-open; the hotel staff actually said; "Maybe never." Its amazing Sunday brunch: Zest is gone; and his been replaced by a very dark Michael Jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance. (The lobby; by the way; used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit. Also no longer...). The food is very bad. Very. Bad. There are so many restaurants in this city. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat. Its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels: Based on my review of everything else. Go to the Drake; or the Peninsula. Completely worth the extra money... That; or downgrade to the Hilton and get what you expect and pay for... The InterContinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the Hilton; but you get a worse experience! Its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership: I canceled our membership after this disaster. Part of the membership includes early check-in (granted; when available)... but our room wasn't ready until 6pm. This is obviously after normal check-in. The staff was overwhelmed; and not effective or helpful. I tried to speak with the manager about our room; waited in long line to speak with someone; only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name. In a nutshell. Go somewhere else. ps: Go to Argo tea next door instead of the Starbucks in the hotel. Way better food and coffee.
1,1,Got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this Hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay I have had in more than a dozen business trips to Chicago. All rooms are Suites; staff is friendly and professional; Restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club; turn down service; complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on. Room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on. Will definately stay here again.
1,1,I was very happy with my stay at the Knickerbocker. The room were nice; and the staff was excellent. I was able to stay here for $80 per night thru Priceline. That was an incredible bargain in my opinion .. this hotel is very nice. It has an excellent location ... just off of Michigan Ave. All of the best shopping in Chicago can be found right around the corner. It's a great location ... very close to many great attractions. If there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool; but I think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in Chicago; I would definately recommend this place ... hopefully I will be able to stay there again in the future.
1,1,This hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful.
1,1,Staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute; budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me. We got a great rate -- $70 -- on Priceline. Close to the subway (red line) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $3.50 for both of us. We were able to check in more than 4 hours early. Room was great -- very clean; good closet space and fantastic bedding. Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar; but the bartender's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price. Concierge was helpful; too. Overall; service was terrific; room was great and staying there was a treat. I would stay there again any time; especially at that price.
1,1,We loved the Talbott. The location was fabulous...very close to the shopping. The hotel is smaller; but the rooms are very nice. They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also; the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds. The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you. The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers; etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe. I would highly recommend the hotel. We were there with our daughters; ages 10 and 13.
1,0,My stay at the Amalfi was a very brief one. I booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews I saw here on Trip Advisor. When I arrived; I sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk. I felt like I stepped into an episode of the Twilight Zone. The room was very small and dark. Then the Internet wasn't working. I wasn't informed about this on my check in and couldn't be given a time frame when it would be back up. I walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking; gathered up my belongings and went there. If you're one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels; you'll lurve this place. But if you like a hotel with lights on; working internet and a good view and real breakfast; go someplace else.
1,1,I used to stay at the Homewood Suites all the time on business but have not stayed there on business since 2005 - since that time my company has been doing business in the suburbs instead of downtown. During December of 2007 and this year 2008 I did stay there a few days with my family and was greeted as if I never left. There is a lady named Connie who works the breakfast shift and she greets everyone and always remembers you from years before. A wonderful lady indeed - my wife even commented to me on the way to Chicago if that lady would still be there and would still remember and yes she does! Its a great place to stay.
1,1,i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located ; michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles; bacon; sausage ; hash browns; toast; danishes; omelets; burritos; all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night; chinese night; american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again!
1,1,My husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad; not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping. The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation. The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere. My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!!
1,0,This hotel is totally overrated. Yes; the location is awesome; but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options. The customer service; or lack thereof; was particularly disappointing. Why are they paying anywhere from 2 - 8 doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady? Even when her hands are full. The housekeeping staff couldn't figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day. Why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don't bring it anyway. As stated previously; the location is great. Location; however; does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff. I would not stay here again.
1,1,We booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night. We walked over to the Talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay. The room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom. The tub is large and the shower a pleasure. The location was quiet as requested. The staff was always cheerful and very helpful. Tim and Stephanie provide excellent concierge services! The breakfast at the Basil Cafe is a great way to start the day. We travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel. I would highly recommend the Talbott for your stay.
1,0,Over all; my trip was great; I got to spend time with my best friend. We did some shopping and site seeing. Trip was overall great. The only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels I have stayed at. Some of the walls had wall paper missing; most of the faucets leaked; there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms; some of the furniture had very visible stains; the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom. we stayed in the corner suite on the 37 floor room 3711. Considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity. I do not plan on staying there again. Apart from the trip was great![]
1,1,We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights on Hotwire over Labor Day weekend. We arrived at the Hard Rock at around 10:00 a.m.; and they were able to give us our rooms early. Hooray! We were on the 5th floor (Beatles theme). The rooms were very comfortable. One of our rooms was on a corner; and had lots of windows. The other was was a bit larger with fewer windows. Not a great view from our side of the hotel; but we didn't pay for a room with a view. The beds and pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable; the bathroom was full of Aveda products; and there was a bathrobe in the closet. The tv/dvd/stereo combo was nice; but we weren't in the room a lot to use it. We were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks/drinks as they were weighted and we'd be charged. No problems there. We did not make use of the free fitness center; because the weather was perfect. My husband was able to go for a run through Grant Park along the waterfront instead. He said it was wonderful. We did use the free internet in our rooms. It was 'wired' internet; but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway. The room was a bit dim at night; but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps. There was virtually no hall / elevator noise. The location of the Hard Rock is ideal. It is easy to get breakfast at the Corner Bakery; just blocks to either Grant Park; The Art Institute; State Street Shopping; or Michigan Ave. To sum up; there was absolutely NOTHING to complain about. We would be glad to stay here again any time.
1,0,Move beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.
1,0,Not impressed at ALL. The hotel itself looks really nice; especially in the big foyer area. Our room was small; and the bathroom needed some major upgrades. It had the green tile; like at your grandmother's house; all over the walls; and 2 people couldn't fit in it if you tried. We could hear the people beside us in the early morning every morning; so obvioulsy the walls aren't so thick. Our room looked directly on to a brick building outside; VERY close; we couldn't even tell if it was nice outside or not. We are assuming we were not in a renovated room from the looks of it; and I felt yucky the whole time in it. I just wouldn't pay lots of money to stay here; there is nothing exceptional about it at all.
1,1,We paid $75 a night through Priceline; which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large; clean and had a couch; easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style; the bed was comfortable; the bathroom was large and; well; we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way. We ate at the lobby restaurant; which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads; so I don't know if the food; in general; is good or not. The Cobb was so-so. Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept. We hated to leave!
1,0,Beautiful historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business; was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite; they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom; lamp fixtures literally falling off wall; mirror torn off wall; etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer; but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors; so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff; was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm; no. This is not an old building problem; this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down; stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm; sans hassle.
1,0,The hotel lost our reservations and then couldin't accommodate what we needed. they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request. we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations; they still charged us an early check out fee. If it wasn't for the great location of the hotel; there would be nothing positive to say/
1,1,This hotel cannot be beat for location; price; & atmosphere. The location is ideal; at the corner of State & Kinzie. There are fantastic restaurants & bars all around; including House of Blues & Harry Caray's. We stayed in a "Corner King" room. The room was amazing. Two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows. Even just being on the 5th floor; we had great views of the surrounding area. The decor and amenities are unmatched. The decor is very clean & simple but luxurious. The hotel is easy to miss from street level; but shouldn't be. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around River North; State Street shopping; or Clark Street nightlife. Even if you'll be on the Mag Mile; this is a short cab ride away. We've officially named this our downtown hotel of choice!
1,1,The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The "welcome back" sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific; helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients. Well done!
1,1,My girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29. We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The staff from top to bottom were excellent; accommodating. The room was roomy...with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town. The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk; but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty. The doorman; Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel. He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants. We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city. The hotel was expensive but met expectations.
1,0,The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room(actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up). The odors from the kitchen were disgusting; and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen(I.e. hospital). The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable. I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were; that makes this hotel a good value. But i would not stay here again.
1,1,OK; we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal; and I still got a fine room; clean; up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor. Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture; bathroom tile; shower (no tub); wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV; coffeemaker; ice bucket; and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV; ice/coffee; and minibar) The other room was called "Queen executive". This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence; sofabed; two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed; other in the three level cabinet; the sofabed. Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms. Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave. Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case; not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect.
1,0,Our check-in was great; but then we got into our room. The carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower (open concept) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it. The mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room. Our final hotel bill reflected 2 charges that were incorrect....1 for the mini bar which we did not utilize; and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ($69 instead of $50). When my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected; he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee. It was adjusted; but not without confrontation. There was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same "mysterious" mini bar charge on her bill as well; and was trying to have it corrected. Overall; the location of the Hard Rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one;
1,1,The Swisshotel is awesome. Very high class. It is expensive ; but so is every hotel in Chicago. It is off from the dingy areas of our city ; yet a long walk to Navy Pier; so you will need to pay for the cab. Note to all the Magnificent Mile is boring as can be. I live in Chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the Mile of Navy (BORING) Pier.
1,0,Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere; primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service; beverages like water or soda at the wine bar; coffee and papers in the morning; help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things; the staff was not helpful; either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman; the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child; I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
1,0,at check in; the girl gave us a smoking room. we asked for nonsmoking. i had to get another room. it was by the elevators. loud! really loud!. the new room didn't have a shower door. so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet. the public transportation is amazing. you don't need a car in chicago. you can get anywhere by train or bus. it's fast too. Area recommendations chicago is great! good shopping; good food (ginos east!!!) and great bars. the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i've ever seen!
1,0,We were checked into a room with empty beer bottles;dirty shorts in the closet and an unclean bathroom. There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints. The front desk lady said the manager was on a LUNCH break at 7 PM!!!!!!! We missed our show at Navy Pier because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc. Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience!!! This was totally inappropiate since I had children including a teenager with me. She gave me a $30 compensation for ruining our family holiday!!!! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night. They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets. I asked for two blanket; but they delivered one. I had to keep calling to get settled for the night. I saw a filled out comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk; who had taken the trouble of filling it out; but no one collected it or cared for it. Noisy rooms. Can hear the doors open and close all night. The breakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished. I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates!!
1,0,I travel often for business and this hotel ranks very low on my list. The room had such a strong odor of smoke; it gave me a headache (and I used to be a smoker)! The room service was mediocre and extremely expensive. The hotel is disturbingly huge. Very difficult to navigate your way around it. I waited on hold for twenty minutes to ask a concierge where a pharmacy was located. She curtly gave me cross-street names and hung up. Uhhhhh; how do I know which direction to go in??? Stains on the carpet in the room. A big gauge in the wall; where maybe a thermostat once was??? The shower is decent. All in all; for the price they charge; NO THANKS!!! I'm just glad my company is footing the bill.
1,0,Ideal location right in the heart of the Near North side but good grief; they need more than two elevators. You can wait 10 minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor (registration desk on 6th floor); you can face a long line just to catch one. Rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all Homewood Suites - very utilitarian; unlike many locations however; this one does not include a DVD player in the rooms. The pool is OK but there's no jacuzzi. Oh; and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area. Front desk service is pretty good.
1,0,As I sit here in my 14th floor room at the hotel Allegro; I listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left. She seems to have a cough today. In the room on my right; someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit. I hear the water running and the toilet flushing. I also hear footsteps in the room upstairs. Even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms. I've stayed in about a dozen Kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst. The room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains; the curtains with a large brown stain (I don't want to guess what it is); paint peeling; rips in the wallpaper. The decor is a bit garish; with Pepto-Bismol covered walls; green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet. The size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable; but I'm so glad I had earplugs to avoid listening to others' toilets flushing all night. The location is good for downtown theaters or business. Only three elevators serve this 17+ storey building and they run very slowly. Chicago has many nice hotel options -- many I've enjoyed quite a bit. Unfortunately this is not one of them; and even more unfortunate for me: I'm stuck here for two more nights. I was looking forward to staying here because most Kimptons are hip; comfortable and attractive. This is not.
1,1,My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October; 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return. We booked our room through a safety convention web site.
1,1,This is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk.
1,0,i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault; and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful; the rooms are new and nice; but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!
1,0,My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from Norway who were vacationing in the City. We were excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading the reviews here; but really disappointed in the accommodations. The web site has a photo of the 18 story building that houses the hotel. It doesn't state that the hotel only occupies the first 6 floors of the building. The rest are offices. Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of a blank brick wall about 16 feet distant. The room itself was unremarkable; with standard furnishings equivalent to a Holiday Inn. Although it is close to the best part of the City; it is tucked behind the new Trump Tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road/sidewalk. Our Norwegian friends; by contrast; stayed on the 33rd floor of Swissotel and had views of the Lake and Navy Pier.
1,1,We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December; we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers; in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge; but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows; the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls; comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning; appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks; water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers; everyone should check it out!
1,0,IMO the Amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on TA. This is basically a Holiday Inn. Half of the rooms overlook an alley / loading dock. The hotel is not more than 6 or 7 flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at 5 am. At 530; when you are just nodding off again; they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast. This is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank. Any room within 100 feet of the elevators will hear the noise. Reception was a bit tacky and the "staff" was a little rough around the edges. I didn't see a single business travellers while I was there. Valet parking was expensive (usual for Chicago) but was very slow. Just ok. Explore other options.
1,1,Arrived on 06/04/05; greeted by friendly doorman; and zipped up to the 5th Floor Lobby. Very open lobby area with friendly reception staff. Room was on the 12th Floor and very nice. Everything was in order and very clean! The king size bed was nice and each night I had a restful sleep. Bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall. The room was furnished with everything I needed including internet hook-up access. Also; you can walk thru on the 5th Fl to the Westfield North Bridge Shopping Mall; where you will enjoy Nordstrom and other stores. Of course; you're steps from Michigan Ave. too. The central location of the hotel was great; as I could walk to most places. The CTA Subway stop (Grand Ave. on Red Line) was an easy 2 block walk. I will stay here again on my next trip to Chicago!
1,1,We got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in Chicago on 7/24/09. We went thru Priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only $69 (normal rate was around $200). The room was superb on the 29th floor with a nice king bed. Hotel is only about 1.5 blocks to Michigan Ave so the location is very convenient. Parking is very expensive at $50 a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just $30. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere. We ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict. They were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn't expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast. Glad we didn't pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better. I highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your Chicago visit.
1,1,This hotel was magnificent! Not only was it a mini palace; but the staff was polite; helpful; and professional. In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago; the concierge; Les; offered to get us tickets; directions; reservations to anything we'd like to see/do. He also got us an upgrade on our room; and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering; the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that. And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi. The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning!
1,1,Spent two nights at the InterContinental on a business trip. This is a tremendous; towering hotel in one of the best locations in Chicago -- right on the Magnificent Mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area. My room was in the Historic Tower -- a 1920s Masonic Club which has been converted at enormous expense. The effort has been worthwhile. My room was very large and well furnished; with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle. It had breathtaking views down Michigan Avenue. There is a superb recreation centre (with an impressive swimming pool) beautiful bars and a good restaurant; Zest; that serves a great breakfast. There is wifi in the rooms ($9.95 per day) and tea and coffee making facilities. No trouser press; but there is an ironing board and iron. The staff is friendly and anxious to please. I recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms. It's expensive; but it will be difficult to find a better one in Chicago.
1,1,We got a great deal on this hotel; just $91 found through travelzoo. We only stayed one night; but were very impressed. The sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property. The hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate. Our room; while not enormous was perfect. We had a great view of the city and lake. The bed was extremely comfortable. We never heard any noise outside of our room. The bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel; two could get ready very comfortably. Location was perfect; just off Michigan Ave and steps away from Millenium Park. We would definetly stay here again; especially if we could get this great deal!
1,0,We planned to stay for 5 nights on a family trip. I booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite; then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff. Well; our stay here lasted 1 night and we quickly; and thankfully; switched to a different hotel for our last 4 nights. The room was dirty. When we opened the sofabed; the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out. Ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used; and theoretically cleaned; a lot. Extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren't much better. Temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night; it made for a cold stay. If you like to eat for free (they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights) and don't care to eat the great food Chicago has to offer; I guess some may find this place tolerable. But we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a Golden Corral. The only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area (we switched to The James and had a great experience). I couldn't be paid to stay here again. I'm shocked by the high overall rating given our experience.
1,1,If you have not tried the Millennium Knickerbocker for a stay in Chicago; do it now! We have stayed (and enjoyed) at the Drake; Intercontinental and others; but we always now come back to the Knickerbocker. Why? If "Charlie" the doorman is on duty and you pull up; he will welcome you. He'll probably ask your name. Why? Because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit. Somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden; doorman; receptionist; bellman; waiter are referring to you by name. The employees are what makes this hotel. Yes; it has everything to offer like all hotels; but the others don't have the fine people (including the cleaning staff) these folks have. Try it; you will like it. We look forward to our next visit already...
1,1,We booked this hotel using points on our credit card. When we arrived; we were immediately greeted by a friendly face. We arrived several hours before check-in. However; they let us check-in early. They also gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel is absolutely stunning! In addition; it is off of State Street. There are many things to do - shopping; dinning; theater. It is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the United Center or the airport. The hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge. The room was so dark and quiet we slept in.
1,0,This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years. The first room they gave us was a shock. TINY and the bathroom was a joke;; you had to step inside; move out of the way just to shut the door. The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times. so they transfered us to the 'executive suite' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY! The furniture was hideous and dirty. It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud. The only impressive part is the lobby.. but don't be fooled. because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $100 per night. we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal. I don't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we don't ever want to go back there again. 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker. They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms. Boomer. Naperville; IL
1,0,I have stayed at the James a few times; it is my go to hotel in Chicago. This last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options. The Good: Location is awesome; just off Michigan Ave; Trader Joe's across street for some healthier snacking. It is a great location; easy to walk most anywhere. The door staff are very friendly and helpful. The overall feeling is modern; upbeat. Turn down service with cookie is nice. Free Wifi (which worked to varying degrees throughout stay) The Bad: They claim to be a 4.5 star hotel; which to me; means better then a 4 star and online with a 5 star (without a pool). They used to have Kiehls toiletries and now have "Harmony" brand. Additionally; they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you. It is what I would expect from Holiday Inn or my gym; but not a 4.5 star hotel. I asked about the switch (mainly because when I booked they still had Kiehls in website description) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be "green". That is hard to believe; as it's not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green (they still have incandescent light bulbs; housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down; they don't recycle in room; etc). They are obviously trying to cut costs; and it shows. More: the rooms are in need of some updating; they are looking somewhat tired. My third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front (not their fault). Don't take the stairs (as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie); even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile. The phone staff was fairly rude (granted; they didn't like me questioning their toiletry change). I feel bad giving such a low rating; but it really did not come close to my expectations (from previous stays there). I will start trying out new hotels in the area.
1,0,The location was good. Check-in was ok. Asked for non smoking room; given floor with half smoking half non smoking. We could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened. We asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor. They did not bring up the key; we had to go down to the lobby to get it. Breakfast could have had some healthy choices; the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh. Bananas not ripe. Room only had ONE wash cloth; had to call down for more. Housekeeping NEVER showed up at our room. Not for turndown service ; not for the morning clean -up. Called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the Do Not Disturb sign. They said they would come up and they never came when they said they would. We finally told them not to come because of the time. We wanted to get ready to go out for dinner. Never greeted by anyone as we came and went. I have stayed at the Peninsula and the Burnham. The Burnham was booked during our stay or I would have stayed there.I will NEVER stay at this hotel again; Not worth 300.00 a night
1,1,I checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday; I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows; although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service; well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again
1,1,We stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back.
1,1,so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill; upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi...we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my!!! SURPRISE!!! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired...spacious and roomy; yet warm; cozy and inviting...great bed; comfortable furniture; great 42 inch plasmas; and the views are UNBELIEVABLE...my only complaint? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN...other than that no complaints; room service was great; morning coffee was yummo...overall a fabulous experience!!!
1,1,I love the Ambassador East; true; she's a little old but she's a classic treasure. The service is wonderful; from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome! I felt the service was good; room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating. The biggest gem is the Pump Room bar and restaurant. The best drinks; amazing food; exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends. This is set in the most fabulous location; historical neightborhood; close to walk the lakefront; well known hometown bars; excellent restaurants Chicago has to offer and most of all shopping. There was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends; giving this area a real interesting flavor of Chicago. I can see it needs some updating but I was totally happy and content with my stay. I travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels. I will stay here again in the future.
1,0,This is a great hotel but there is no way that I would recommend it until the construction around it is complete. The elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at 5:30am and goes on into the night. Dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on 24/7. Worst of all; the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating. Ugh!
1,1,Just got back from three nights at the Knickerbocker. Went up to Chicago for some last minute Christmas shopping. Hotel is in a great location. North end of Michigan Ave. about half a block away. Staff was very nice and professional. Everyone we came in contact with was very helpful. Granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets. We were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room. Good size room; with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed. Bathroom was somewhat small. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day. Did not eat at the restaurant Nix; but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar. Overheard comments saying the food was very good. Drink service at the Martini Bar can be slow. Martinis run $9 and up. Very good drinks and they don't shy away from the liquor. Valet parking was $35 a day with in/out priviliges. Overall a great stay. Would definately stay at this hotel in the future.
1,0,The hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly; however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking. Our air conditioning didn't seem to be working well; but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually... cool off. Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax; it happened 4 times. By this time we realized that the air was not working again; so after fussing with the controls it did kick on. The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone; but didn't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working. After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees; I called and maintenience did come to check. After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out. I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel. Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service !! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago.
1,1,Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant. We enjoyed the location. We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue. We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn. We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe; the Chicago History Museum; and Second City from our hotel. Our room was spacious and well-kept; and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening. We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown. We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place.
1,1,The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores; including Saks; Nordstroms; H&M; Filenes Basement; Macys; La Perla; Apple; Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on! The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable; nice big flat screen tvs; nice sized bathroom. They charge for Wi-Fi; but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration. We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal!
1,0,My husband and I were very excited to be staying at the Conrad; unfortunately; we would never stay in this hotel again. The rooms looked nice; but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink. The room service cost was super high - costing us over $100 for 1 burger; 1 order of french toast; 2 pops and 2 desserts. In the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake. We called the front desk and it took almost 40 minutes for someone to walk over to our room (we were on the 5th floor; same as the reception desk). They did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower. The staff was friendly enough; but NOT helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems. There was not even a coffee pot in the room. Definitely would NOT stay here again for the price. NOT worth it!
1,0,I was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online. Unfortunately; it was a very disappointing experience. When we arrived; we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold. So; we had to move to another hotel. Amalfi did take care of the other hotel; cab fare; and after much negotiating...breakfast. We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient. Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned; we had to get up; pack up our suitcases; check out of the hotel; take a cab; check back into the Amalfi; only then could we head to the museum. We were also told that our first night's stay would be refunded. Well; more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later...there still hasn't been a refund. I can't even get a manager to call me back. The Amalfi wasn't all bad; it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance. The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers. However; it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended. One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles; but they seemed really small for queens. Our view from our room was of the alley. So; overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor. Very disappointing indeed!
1,0,First let me say; I try not to be too critical; but in some cases the truth is warranted! We checked in and things seemed fine. Location was excellent. Woke up the first morning; to a slightly rumpled bed covered in "stains"; I hope-filthy and not 4 star hotel quality. Requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if I wanted it done to take off the privacy sign; I did and no one even came until later in the day. The room was big enough; had no drawers; suposedly remodeled but carpet didn't reach the wall; toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken. The mirrors were great and the water was always hot! The walls were paper thin; I heard every conversation the guests next door had. They were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t.v. through the walls and vents. Internet was $13.00; worked for a bit and then not again; I called customer service and spent 25 minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later. The hotel did give us a credit for the charges. At this point; enough was enough; we packed our bags and checked out. The front desk was very helpful- kudos to Rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops!!
1,0,Stayed with a group for a bachelorette party; and was disappointed. The hotel is beautiful; the staff was all rather friendly. The main problem was the room/sleeping situation. We had booked rooms with 2 queen beds several weeks before; but received an email a few days before our visit stating they were sold out (how that happens I don't know!!) so they "upgraded" us to two "suites" with a king and a pull out. First; this meant our party was split up and on different floors. Second; that meant two of us were stuck on a pull out couch. :( I'm not a picky; unreasonable person; but that was the WORST "bed" I've ever slept on! It was sunken in the middle so we literally rolled into each other unless we balanced ourselves on the very edge of the bed. Then there were the springs poking into our backs ALL night! Just awful! For the amount of money we spent I expected to be comfortable! I would not stay here again after this experience.
1,0,We stayed at the Fairmont two Saturday's in a row; and both stays were disappointing. We had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel 30-40 minutes to answer their phone. For the price; we expected nicer decor (it looked cheaply done); more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren't comfortable either; a more accomodating front desk staff. Our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments.
1,1,I was apprehensive after reading some of the more negative reviews of the Hotel Allegro. However; our stay there was without problems and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. The room was not huge but there was plenty of room to move around without bumping into one another. The bathroom was small but well appointed. Overall; it was a clean and interestingly decorated room and we were pleased. Others have complained about being able to clearly hear people in adjacent rooms but we must have lucked out in that way and did not experience that although we could occasionaly hear people talking in the hallway. One other reviewer complained rather bitterly about the area and said that it was dangerous and I can't even begin to understand that as we found it to be extremely safe. The area is also very close to public transportation (we used the trains exclusively) and got around quite well without a car. We would most definetly stay here again and recommend it to others.
1,0,The hotel is almost always very helpful. This stay caused me to re-think if I like the Palmer House. I had dirty covers for the bed. It was also the smallest room in the hotel I am sure. My husband and I usually come 8 times each year. He is there doing Business and CTA work. We are not pleased with the size of the room at all now. Rooms have always had two chairs; desk; and usually 22 by 25 feet. Not this room on the 11th floor. It was only 15 X 17 approx. The service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time. In the past we had a bell man steal a $300. pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially.
1,1,Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly; room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location; 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar; great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive; supposedly better; hotels in Chicago; but this is the best. Thanks Monaco; I'll be back.
1,1,This is a great find for downtown Chicago. The price is right and the staff are excellent. As noted; there is construction going on around the hotel; but I didn't notice any issues that disturbed sleeping. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor; and was gladly given one. The lobby is small; the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel. The concierge; Stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations (along with a complimentary appetizer). We had a standard room; and it was spacious; tastefully decorated--everything we needed. The bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the MP3 compatible radio was a nice perk. Just can't say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet. Would definitely stay here again.
1,1,This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service; beautiful room; roomy bathroom; top-notch amenities.
1,0,Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me. When she go there at 6PM; the room wasn't ready; the phone didn't work; the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain; but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call; but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day; the told me the phone system was down. Ordered room service and got the wrong order... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
1,1,We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago. I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate; $89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted. Yes; the rooms show some signs of wear; but the warmth and charm far make up for it. This was such a pleasant change from the sleek; modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels. We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in. We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom. We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic. Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served; I'd love to have some right now! The location was great. Had it been normal winter weather; we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping; but due to the minus 20 degree windchills; we opted for a cab which was less than a $5.00 fare. We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all. We would definitely stay here again!
1,0,We had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well. They were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned. After 4 calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels. Overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly 4 star hotel.
1,1,Check-in was fast; the room was perfect; and there were no problems. This is a standard big-city business hotel with every amenity imaginable. I got a very good deal for a one-night stay; but they made the money back from the exorbitant parking rate and the absurd access fee for wireless internet. If you are bored of the routine hotel fare; walk two blocks to Gourmet Pantry (155 N. Michigan) for a refreshing change.
1,0,Will start by saying the employees were wonderful; especially in the restaurant / bar employees; could not have been nicer.....what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond....Unfortunately; that's where it ends! The rooms; in my opinion; appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty...you know; uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area... the first room I was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window!!I kid you not; they seemed as if they were about 15-20 ft from my window!! And this was after I specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view..I was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly; again... just worn out!!!NOT a 4 star hotel; this seemed to be closer to a 2; perhaps being extremely kind 3 star...I travel on business so I know the difference...I merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand! I complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit; she made sure the door was fixed ASAP. They gave me a bottle of wine to compensate..which I utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next 2 days....I wanted to give Omni a shot...big mistake... Unfortunately; brought a friend with me to show her how great Chicago was and I was soooo embarrassed; as I had chosen the hotel...She was extremely disappointed as well...should have gone with my first instinct which was the Conrad!! Lesson learned!
1,1,Stayed for 2 nights at The James; wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops. Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean; had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo; mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo; conditioner; shower gel and body lotion. Hotel is also "pet friendly". There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu.
1,1,My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago; and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels; maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz; you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place!
1,1,Stayed here for two days in the first week in January; when hotel was very quiet. Got a big corner room. Staff are friendly; decor is modern; and there's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast; which you take back to your room. The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives; breads; cheeses and meats; marinated vegetables. This was a really easy hotel to stay in; fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the 'L'; and quiet; despite the building work opposite. If you're in Chicago; stay here.
1,0,This morning; I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel; Chicago. I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the "Preferred Hotels" group. Upon checking in; I was "greeted" by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show. My room was poorly lit and dirty. The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky; dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work. The "sound system" was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox. No one; rock star or otherwise; wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper. Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the "everything is possible" line. Great marketing fails with no follow through. The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge? Looking back; I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty; drafty; overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list) With the exception of the fact that I was leaving; check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant. I; for one; will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago; I'm staying at the Hyatt. Rock on; TripStarr
1,1,We recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier. (We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier) The hotel is a short walk...unless you are wearing heels:) to Navy Pier. We found out on the way home only a $5 cab ride:) worth $20 to your blisters!! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping...for comfortable shoes perhaps?? I chose this hotel because of location; but the views are also terrific. This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier; but our previous trip we had a river and lake view. both very nice. The hotel is very nice. Several restaurants; although we haven't tried them. The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though:) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier. GOOD! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN!! I am kind of a germaphobe! so clean is important for my sanity:) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk; and a cool water fountain. :) I obviously highly recommend this hotel:) I <3 CHICAGO
1,0,I stayed at Palmer House for one night in early January this year. During the check in; the front desk lady asked me to show my confirmation letter of my reservation. I did not bring the confirmation with me because I had not been asked to present it in other places during check in.So she asked to print out one copy in their business center and bring the confirmation to the bell station to get the room key. I did what she told me and went to the bell station. However; people at the bell station was totally confused and none of them have the key. A bellman was nice enough to help me go ask their staff at the front desk. I finally got checked in after waiting at the lobby for about 15 minutes. As other people pointed out before; the room I got was small and old with a twin bed; and I could hear people next door using the bathroom. This was not a pleasant experience; even though I paid over 100 dollars to the hotel.
1,0,I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle. The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring. Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room. The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all. I did request a replacement of the wall wire; but it did no help. This hotel can do better than this. With a 5 star rating; it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but; was just a mediocre experience for me. Even the bed covers were not that special. Needs more intense management. Next time; I will try the Trump facility Thanks
1,1,My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in; I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite. The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush. Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets; a large "living room" and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite; I probably would have given it a rating of 4; but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here; I decided to give it a five. It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful. My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant; but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day; but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room; the staff were kind enough to seat us in the "Sinatra Booth" which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here. The Ambassador East is an older hotel; but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me. When we are in Chicago again; we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again.
1,1,Triple A rate with upgrade to view room was less than $200 which also included breakfast vouchers. Had a great view of river; lake; Wrigley Bldg. & Tribune Bldg. Most major restaurants; Shopping; Sightseeing attractions within walking distance. Large room with a very comfortable bed.
1,1,I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in; the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service; Friendly front desk. Many shops; beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City.
1,1,We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense; day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool; and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable; with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room; it is still comfortable and homey. The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend.
1,0,My friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in Chicago. Lets just say we were thankful we didn't have to spend much time in the room. The carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way. The furniture was worn and outdated. The place was gross and just wasn't worth the money we spent on it. The only redeeming quality was the door man; we was very nice and helpful.
1,0,We booked the Amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in Chicago. The hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location. However; when i booked the hotel I was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only $10 more. That was great until I checked in. The corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley. During the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley. It would seem that this is a place for them to congregate. On top of this; the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between 5 and 6 am in the morning. The noise was crazy loud. I think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful.
1,1,everything that i read from other reviews was pretty much on the money; they have excellent customer service; the employees there really cared about their guests; there was always coffee; tea; hot chocolate in the lobby; good hot breakfast and dinner with wine and beer; the doormen were nice and willing to help out for directions; the room did the job; there was a kitchen; 2 flat screen tv's; and a pullout couch included; it was close to the "eL"; but for us we found the buses to be more useful. I would recommend getting a pass; we got a 3 day pass and it was well worth it for $14 which we got at jewel osco; not too far from the hotel; for the most part the majority of the people that were there were older people on a business trip and families; but us three girls didn't mind; so i would definitely recommend this place; it was one of the cheapest places were found out of all the other hotels.
1,1,Striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s.
1,1,We loved our stay at the Talbott. We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing. We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount. When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy. We were upgraded to a King bed suite. The suite was well decorated and spacious. My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago. Highly recommended.
1,0,I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September; and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle; but affected me and my husband. For example; he got locked out of our room 2 times; once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony; so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew; so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also; coming back from the spa; and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily; right after that; an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no; and she called down to check. Apparently; no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in; thank god. Then; on our wedding night; my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about "24 hour dining." That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in. I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off; so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW; the spa is great to hang out in; even if you're not doing a massage.
1,1,Room: I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;)) 42" LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me. Location Located quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD). Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use. - Restuarant (not used) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception) I do travel frquently; and do recommend this hotel for a business stay; as also for an overnight with friends going shopping; partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel.
1,1,What a wonderful experience; super great; helpful; friendly staff. Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great. Our room was beautiful. Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice; make the reservation for us.(best seat in the house and a special dessert) wow...Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again & again. THANKS AGAIN
1,1,My wife and I came to spend the weekend in downtown Chicago for shopping and we found this Conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that doesn't make you feel lost in the Convention world. We have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past. Our Suite has view on Michigan avenue with a bit of the Lake at the end. Staff was very professional; pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable. Internet is free n the rooms and I am making my review from there.
1,1,My wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience. The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location. It's in a quiet location; yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to. We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost. It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have; but it was elegantly appointed; spacious; and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet. The service was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful; as well as knowledgeable. This was true from the doormen at the front; to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant. Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions; and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out. The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel; this goes for the room service as well. Dinner there was good; but not great. I mentioned almost flawless; as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel. It involved scheduling and was aggravating; as the hotel actively encourages its use. However; Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied; following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with. The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly. Overall; we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits.
1,0,We were disappointed with this hotel. The staff seems hurried and unhelpful. Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests. The blower in the hallway blew freezing air; but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it. The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit. The room and bed was comfortable; but the cream and and modern art work are not our style. The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer. Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago.
1,0,My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby; the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor; wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the "spa" is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the "sheraton promise" phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago.
1,0,I booked this hotel with great expectations. I had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in Chicago. Upon arriving to the hotel (at the exact time I indicated in my reservation) I was told I've been "downgraded" to a lesser quality room. I travel very often and never had this before. Moreover; I did not hear a single "I'm sorry"; it was like usual business. What bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me "I will decrease the rate for you" "what do you think; nice eh?" like he was doing me a favor!!!! They decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course (which is the legal thing to do; since I am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money). They did not care that I wanted higher level room independent of value. I did not know what to say; since this never happened to me before; also with family present did not want to start arguing. The rooms were nice (not as nice as I thought) and location is good; however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this. That is enough for me not to go back again.
1,1,The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors;comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are "class acts"
1,1,We usually stay at the Sofitel but thought we would try the Conrad for a change. I don't think I would rate this hotel over the Sofitel but it was still 1st class. But I do think the service was better at the Conrad. We arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left. Normally service goes down hill then but our waiter Eric was the best. Even when I kept ordering my after dinner ports. The meal may not have been The Chop House but it was still very good. The bar was ok; no Crown Reserve. They did have the Cask 16 at $24 a drink; ouch. The room service was very quick. Our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits. The only fault we could find was the temperature on the 14th floor. It was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off. Which wasn't so bad since my wife smokes. The temp on the 5th where the lobby; bar; and restaurant was fine. We enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in Sept. One last thing; if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast. Go to the West Egg; only a few blocks away.
1,0,The location is ideal. They have very high ceilings so the rooms appear much larger than they are. The views are great. There were fresh flowers in the bathroom. They had all white bedding. You feel like a princess there.
1,0,We booked directly with the Intercontinental--a special room for our wedding night. After our wedding; we went to the Hotel excited and happy. When we got there; the night changed. We were treated rudely and with no respect. They told us there was "no room" even though we had a confirmation number. Instead of showing any empathy; they told us to go sit down while they figured out "what to do with us". My husband was in his tux and I was in my wedding gown! No apology! No concern! We were given $20 and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they'd "found" a room. The Intercontinental RUINED our wedding night. We are telling anyone and everyone of our experience. This place was supposed to be elegant. We've never been treated so poorly. We will never stay in another Intercontinental Hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple!!! STEER clear of this place.
1,0,I stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars;pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully;no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount!
1,1,We got an awesome deal through Priceline for a Friday - Sunday stay at $75 for each night. The hotel is very centrally located on Michigan Avenue "The Magnificent Mile". You can walk to a ton of shops & there are plenty of restaurants handy as well. The hotel staff was very friendly; and the room itself was gorgeous. Very modern decor. Not drab & typical like most other chain hotels. If staying in Chicago we definitely will be staying there again. Price for valet parking overnight was insane ($42/day); but what do you expect in a big city.
1,1,I have just returned from a lovely shopping trip to Chicago. It is a very nice hotel; and I will love to stay there if I visit Chicago again! There is a lot of positive to say about the hotel; staff is excellent; never experienced such an excellent service -- that alone is worth coming back for. Was pleasantly surprised that the room rate was including breakfast. A few things that could make this hotel even better... A hand shower in the bathroom. The hairdryer to be placed in the bedroom; instead of the bathroom; when the bathroom is all damp after a shower I prefer leaving the bathroom to dry my hair. Free internet access in the lobby. I was surprised I had to pay 6 or 7 USD (for 15 minutes) to log-on and check-in with my airline (only with a few airlines you can check-in without paying?!?!?!?)
1,0,Was one of the worst travel experiences of quite some time.... 1. Arrived to construction or renovation to main lobby... no warning. not on the website... "thanks for letting me make the choice to stay in hotel with construction site" 2. Lengthy line to wait at makeshift reception area (25 min wait).. check in..ACHE conference-- be prepared for the influx of people for the convention. 3. Double book room.... go back to check in... told to get back in line... and we will review when it is your turn... told them I just waited 25 mins.. Curt service worker said wait your turn. 4. Second room... dirty dishes from room service in front of door at our check in at 3PM. 5. Internet kept dropping and slower than dial up network.... 6. Second day and Third day stay... No hot Water to start the day off with cold shower.... 7. Check out... overcharge on bogus fees.... Travel to Chicago stay at the Palmer House or Fairmont.
1,1,I stayed at the Allegro for several days in August 2004 and I would defintely stay again. I had a very large room with a huge bathroom; although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout. The lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges; a nice place to enjoy the simple (2 choices; no munchies) but pleasant wine reception. At night; there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity; other than theater traffic; but it's a short cab ride to Michigan Avenue shopping and River North restaurants.
1,1,I have been 4 times in Chicago; and I have stayed in 4 different Hotels: This has been for much the very best option. The lobby; the warm of the receptionist; the room; the hotel is very good. It is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and there's no chance for you to get lost from this hotel. If you like to travel with style this could be a very good option.
1,0,The room was big and luxurious; befitting the price tag ($299). Bed was very comfortable. However; my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft; and I heard the elevators running all night. Also held a one-day conference there for 25 people. They stuck us in a long; narrow room that was cramped. Also; the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the Palm restaurant in the hotel. Service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served. And the steaks were only so-so; a far cry from my experience with other Palms.
1,1,A very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms. The decor was lovely. My daughter and I spent 5-nights here; saw Wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town. Was a bit disappointed with the bar/restaurant which opened and closed it's kitchen at will without regard to posted hours. The room description boasted of safe's large enough to accomodate a laptop; so I brought mine. I was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room (and not in mine). As a side note; I was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at 6pm in that area... even the 7-11.
1,1,We attended a Bachorette Party in Chicago in Aug 2005. There were 10 girls total. We had 5 rooms ... and I did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend. Never been to Chi-town before; I booked our hotel based on reviews from TA. And we were not disappointed. The staff is wonderful; the happy hour was just fabulous. The room was nice and clean; with a great double headed shower and Aveda products was an extra bonus! Then you also get free internet in your room! The hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness. We still talk about what a wonderful time we had ... and we all agree that if we ever go back to Chicago we will be staying at the Amalfi again. Trust me the pics don't do it justice!
1,0,The room was dingy and run down - it felt like staying in a cheap motel. The carpet was exceptionally worn; wallpaper peeling; bathroom grout dingy. The place felt like it hadn't been redecorated in 30 years. On top of that; the windows would not open (not unusual for a hig-rise hotel); and there was no air fan for ac or heat - how the temp control was supposed to work; I have no idea (they said 'radient cooling' whatever that is); but we had to call down to the front desk and ask for a floor fan to cool the room and have some air circulation. We even went so far as to prop the door open and put the fan in the fan in the door while we were in the room to not feel suffocated. So much for privacy. I can't comment on the food; because we ate out at every chance. Chicago has some fantastic food! And much of it within easy distance to the hotel. The hotel is in a good location; near the waterfront and millenium park; shopping and dining. The conference facilities were average; but frustrating because they were in the basement and cell phone reception was non-existent. I will never stay in this hotel again; especially for the price; because of the poor room quality.
1,1,This lovely hotel has only six floors; making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception. The building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it. Trump's huge new tower is just down the street. The Amalfi looks recently refurbished; very modern; but warm and inviting. Bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very; very comfortable beds. Bathroom quite small but roomy enough; with Aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers. Continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor. Great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc (robes & slippers provided) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast. Really enjoyed the Managers evening cocktail reception; especially the Amalfitinis. A nice way to relax after a hard days' shopping! Location is great for all the shops; transport; museums etc. Easy walking to everywhere. Staff also very friendly and welcoming. Would definately stay there again.
1,1,My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue; Rush Street and downtown Chicago. I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what I've seen in photo's posted on the reviews. The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel! The beds are wonderful -- I need to get a pillow top mattress at home! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TV's. The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose. And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile. I'm anxious to get back to Chicago and it won't be 7 years from now! I would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms; location and staff! I've added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one's I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation.
1,0,Overall the hotel is very nice. The rooms are spacious and well-appointed; but they tend to be aging or dated. My bathroom was particularly below average; with old wallpaper and a dingy tub with a crummy showerhead. The toilet paper roll holder was pulling out of the wall and its screws were exposed. The conceirge recommended an expensive and mediocre restaurant. I hate it when they do that- it makes me suspect they're getting kickbacks from places that otherwise don't get enough business on their own. Breakfast was very good. It's a relatively large european-style spread.
1,1,Just got back from 2 days up in Chicago shopping with girlfriends. First time I have stayed at the Omni. I did so because I saw a $129.00 rate that included $25.00 of free food on Travelzoo. The three of us (55 year olds) all stayed in one suite with 2 double beds and a VERY comfortable pull out sofa. We had plenty of room. Food in the restaurant was great; service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with; early morning delivery of free coffee; juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat; time of movies; shopping areas; etc was really helpful. Need I mention the outstanding location? Simply the best! We all decided that the Omni is our new favorite hotel.
1,1,On our visit to Chicago; we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown; within walking distance to most major attractions; such as Sears Tower; Magnificent Mile; Grant/Millenium Parks; etc. Subway & bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice; clean; and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again!
1,0,I would NOT recommend staying at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times. She had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since I would be arriving first. The "night manager" at the hotel was extremely rude and told me I could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation. (this was THEIR mistake) They told me I could sit in the lobby for 4 hours until my friend arrived. They did nothing to try and help me until I stood there and complained for twenty minutes. I can't believe that a "manager" would treat a customer this way. There are other great hotels in Chicago. This hotel is not worth the aggravation!
1,0,We arrived and thought for $350 a night; it would be a decent place. Good reviews;etc... We arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading. The hotel lounge was a "room"; it was really odd and very dark. The first night there I noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking. Resembled something you'd find on a street. To top it all off we woke up after night #2 to find that bed bugs had attacked us. My husband and I were both bitten. I was bitten WAY more than my husband. My legs were covered with bites. I was on ointments and Benadryl for over a week. I immediately came home and scalded all our clothes. There was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it. The bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub. The view in room #607 is of a roof. Not good. The stay was VERY disappointing. The only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor.
1,0,Fairmont Hotels are generally my preferred choice; but this was a true disappointment. Check-in was quite slow and problematic (glitches with their reservation system locally). Room was very small and oddly arranged. Felt quite cramped in room and was hard to work at very small desk. Hotel overall felt quite cold and isolating...lobby is not at all inviting; and it didn't feel terribly safe walking around outside. Gift shop was overpriced; even for a downtown hotel. Food was disappointing. Overall this seems greatly overpriced and does not meet usual standards of A Fairmont i've come to count on. Bill was completely messed up and required 3 separate calls after i left to straighten out.
1,1,Stayed here for one night in June; but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago. Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing. In between Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River. Rooms very spacious and clean. Gym has a wonderful view; as it is situated on the top of the hotel. Bar next to lobby; very busy with good atmosphere. Cannot fault the hotel. Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago.
1,0,We stayed two nights. We were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant. He was very cold. Our room was very; very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days. The room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet. We were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink; the door to the bar was locked. We called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn't and were told they were short staffed; 'sorry'. WHAT?? are you running here? You are a hotel in the country's third largest city and your amenities are open at whim? This was our first and last visit to a Kimpton hotel.
1,0,This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula; Four Seasons; or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive; but the lobby is cramped; and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor; and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews.
1,0,Before booking this hotel; I did read the reviews; and I was concerned. I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation. BIG MISTAKE!! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees; and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees. When we called to complain at 11:00 am; they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees. We went back at 7:30pm. it was still humid; the beds were moist & the room very stuffy. Called again; they sent somone to fix it; & he recommended getting a new room; because the room will not cool down. They told us they were booked; yet; after the maintenance man called; they suddenly had a room available; go figure? So they move us to another room; guess what; it is 85 degrees. Again; they told us to turn it down to 40; needless to say; it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street. We travel a lot; and we stayed here one night; and it was awful!!. At check out; I had to re-tell our entire room issue; they actually ended up not charging us for the night; thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay; because we would never go back. Also; the room decor is very old and stuffy. If your going to Chicago; don't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!
1,0,The room wasvery tiny and was very warm. They give you the illusion that you control the temperature but they do. The bathroom is small. The tub is plastic retro fit as stated in another review; and does crackle under your feet. I; personally; did find the water pressure to be fine and the bath ammenities to be of good quality. The public areas are nice and are good to hang out in. This is basically an old hotel that has been updated. The comment about the closet is true; it is actually indescriable. You can hear everything occuring in the other rooms. The location is convienent but so are many other hotels. If you do stay; fly into Midway; take the Orange Line; you cannot go wrong.
1,0,The Palmer House has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant. The rooms are way too small!!! Two people in a room with a King size bed can barely move around. Not enough room for two suitcases. Our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie The Shining. VERY NOISY!!!! Don't expect a quiet stay. You can hear EVERYTHING that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways. We requested a room change as soon as we checked in. The room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes; bricks; dirt and dust. Oh and the construction for their renovations starts at 7 a.m. during the week. We will never stay at the Palmer House again. You are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel.
1,1,Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott. This was our first visit there; and I can honestly say that I wouldn't stay at any other hotel in Chicago. From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure; the staff was nothing less than amazing; always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute. The room we had (1508) was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in (including the Four Seasons). Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil's. You would be missing a fantastic experience; if you didn't stay at the Talbott.
1,0,Had a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby; meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking; our reservations were messed up; hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service; a new coffee pot; laundry) that wasn't ours. I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.
1,1,this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago; and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean; wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly; service focused - and the restuarant is great; especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location; very good and consistent service and quality .
1,1,Beautifully appointed; professionally staffed; comfortable; well-located; and elegant; with wireless internet access (plus free access in an alcove on the second floor); fitness center (a little small but fine if you use it at the right time); good energy clientele; easy access to Michigan Avenue; next door to 24-hour restaurant; 2 blocks from 2 Starbucks; elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything. Will definitely return!
1,1,Stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for 3 nights in early April 2007. Very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the Golden Mile. Good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice French twist. Dinner at the restaurant was also good. Prices are reasonable. Room is comfortable; only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening. Excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff. Would definitely stay here again if visiting Chicago. Concierge recommended a small van tour; which was excellent. However early April is too early to visit Chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of Chicago was not operating yet.
1,1,We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving. We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building. To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful. The staff were unbelievably helpful. The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens; luxury bedlinens; iPod radio; huge bathroom. Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window. Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service. Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5.
1,1,Stayed at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift; but everything else made up for that. Positives: Bed was very comfortable; great to have real shower; free internet; gym usage; staff (all friendly) and location. Negative: Lift noise; lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in) Would stay again!
1,0,This hotel is rather stupid to be frank. It's a horrible attempt to be retro-sheek but ends up looking similar to that Saturday Night live skit where things are so sheek that they are not functional. The rooms are about the size of a shoe box and there isn't much in them. I actually like the Pedestal in the bathroom but there is no sink. I had to put my make-up on using the toliet for 5-days. It also took me 10-minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower and the bathroom is more like a closet then anything. I had guests over one evening and everyone could hear everyone pee b/c the bathroom doors aren't doors at all and there is no bathroom fan! It was just over the top for me and lots of costruction nearby to keep you up at night. On a good note; the staff are really friendly and the place is really clean. That's about the only good thing I can say about this place. I would not go back.
1,0,My Husband and I did not enjoy stay at Hotel Allegro! The room was so small. The bathroom was ridiculously stupid; everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself. Truly one person at time in the bathroom; it was like being in an airplane's bathroom. The walls are so thin; we heard the people across hall having sex. The some staff were really rude. I did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out. Check out time is 11am or 12 and we got a know on the door at 8AM with the sign stating " do not disturb. " The hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms; no mini fridge; and no coffee maker either. NO DRAWERS to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny. We were there for four days and three nights; so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at. I also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car. My Husand and I will never stay at Hotel Allegro again!!!
1,1,in the windy city ;this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable. Good decor and impishly modern
1,1,We stayed 6 pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel. the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too... also nice view from the roof-bar. The area is pleasant nice and clean; minute walk to magnificant mile; easy to walk around to the lake. friendly stuff; very clean; great warm hotel to stay in. it does not have the "big hotel" factory-like feeling - more like home :)
1,0,My family booked five nitghts at the Omni Chicago for our upcoming spring break. We took advantage of a pre-paid; non-cancellable offer. We subsequently received a "Bed & Breakfast" offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation (same dates; different offer). We called the 800' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant; we simply hung up. We had been looking forward to our vacation; but now I am not sure I made the right choice with this hotel. I should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the Ritz; the Four Seasons; and the Peninsula would have never treated us this way. I will post again after our stay on April 17th.
1,0,This hotel does not live up to the reviews. The room was larger than I expected. However; the decor was a bit dated. The bedding was ripped; carpet was stained; and the shower door was broken. There was a long wait to the elevators; and if you're on floors 2-6 you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym. The main issue I had was the attitude I received from the staff. There was literally only ONE nice person at the front desk. There are no ice machines in this building; so you have to request it from the front desk. One day I requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person. 20 minutes later I made a follow up call because I did not receive my ice. I was nastily told that ice takes 10 minutes and I should just wait. I finally got the ice 10 minutes later. Two days later I requested ice again. Waited 30 minutes and just gave up. While I was leaving; I mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said "I didn't get a call for ice." Well I obviously wasn't making it up; lady! I called and spoke with someone. She didn't even apologize or offer me anything. Overall; I would not recommend this hotel. There are so many hotels in the Chicago area. Choose a different one.
1,1,Having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website; I arrived tired from Ireland; to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night; but did have rooms for the rest of the week. They booked me in to another (not as nice) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation. On my return to the hotel next day; I was upgraded to the Club level. What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake...unprompted. Of course; the hotel itself (particularly on the 32nd floor) is excellent. I will definitely be back.
1,0,This place is a dump. I booked on Priceline; because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago; I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline; I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend; instead. I didn't regret it for a second. You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location; but it's not worth it. Really.
1,1,My initial thought of the hotel was; this place is just ok; I didnt look up any reviews as I was staying there with 2 other friends. I was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room. Views were good; its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located. I'm crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is HUGE. I love all the space they have. Flat tv; traditional seating and I admired the fabric-based headboards. Those are very nice! Walking distance to restaurants were convenient. I'm a highly frequent traveler to Chicago almost 20 years now and always stay with relatives. In any event; I'd recommend staying at the Monaco again!
1,0,I was very disappointed with the hotel this time. They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit. The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality. The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice. The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room. I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time.
1,1,I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room; the bathroom; the view; and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes; when you're tired; that extra couple of blocks seem like miles!
1,1,My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May; 2009. She came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city. We got a deal on this hotel through TravelZoos. $249/night stay for $99/night plus we got the full buffet breakfast. The room was wonderful. Extremely large King size bed with expansive sitting area. We are used to smaller hotels with little room to move. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. No wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit (poor taps). We could have upgraded to river view for $20/night but chose not to. We enjoyed the room for what it was. 22nd floor looking south. The buffet breakfast was great. Lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs; non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please. Great to have breakfast included in night stay. Might be a bit dear to pay at $22/person. It was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast; coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal. Concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat; always informative and ready to provide maps; directions; multiple suggestions and even make the reservations. Cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs. Location was great. Blocks from El and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river. If in Chicago again; would not hesitate to stay here again. A swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it.
1,0,We didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that; we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk.
1,1,What a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping; to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars; this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh; the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
1,0,I want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time: The deal says "free breakfast" included in the price. However; what they don't tell you; is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit (or two)! Moreover; you need to ask for these "tickets" at the lobby when you check in - they won't give them to you automatically! We stayed there over Christmas '03; and we; and I noticed several guests who bought the same package; had a rather unpleasant experience! The hotel is nice though; if you don't consider their lousy service!
1,0,I would not recommend this hotel. Although it is in a good area; the room was very small and is getting rather dated. The room had extensive damage. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on. There was mold and stains on the bathroom tile. The room was very small. There was not room for a sofa. Just a small faded chair and ottoman. The carpet had stains on it. Also; the bed was comfortable; but there was not a top sheet; just the bottom sheet and a comforter. Overall I was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged. I have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space; cleanliness; and value for the money paid.
1,0,We stayed 2 nights over spring break in what was called a Jr Suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end. Bad cheap furniture; carpet that stops short of reaching the wall; a TV that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew. BAD BAD experience. Find aother hotel plenty in the area.
1,1,I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay; for example very noisy. However; whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant; it made no difference to me. My room was huge; bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure; bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile; plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park.
1,0,I stayed at the hotel during the Dave Matthews Caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty/dirty from being at an outdoor concert with 200;000 of my closest friends. I used half a bottle of shampoo the first night. The second night; the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo. I informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately. I got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap (hand soap) for the bath/shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place; nicely displayed; but with the EXACT SAME bottle of shampoo that was now 1/8 full. Yeah!! The hotel is in a great location to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave....I'll grant them that....but that's where their "pros" end. I'd rather stay at a Hampton Inn. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
1,1,a great hotel; we used the CTA the 2 days we were in Chicago and it is great; that the Line 6 stops nearly in front of the hotel. So we did not need any taxi and traveled from Midway to the city and to Ohare for 9$ and we used the buses alot (freezing cold). The hotel itself is great; very clean rooms; realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had. Staff very friendly; they even found me out were i can get Timerland shoes.... and she was right i got them in one place she told me... thats service...I also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area; did not use it and I do not know if it would have been included in the room price....but realy a nice view makes running easyer....
1,1,We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday; and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am; mind you check in is not until 3:00pm. We got our room on Priceline for $65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights. We were upgraded - for free - to a suite. I think I was so blown away by that; that I forgot to thank them at check-in! Our room was fantastic. It also had a wet bar and a fridge. The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers. I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The room was very clean. Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room. Yes; you could hear people in the hallways; but only because they were rude and were yelling. These were not children; they were adults. I don't know why everyone complains about $48 for parking. This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much; some without in/out privledges. We didn't use any of the restaurants or the health club. We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded. Breakfast at nearby Houlihan's had a buffet for $9.99 per person. Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great. There is a 7-11 not too far away. I don't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel. Yes; it's a big hotel. If you don't want a busy lobby; don't stay in a 2;000 plus room hotel!! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Not one problem. Wasn't too busy for me. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
1,1,This hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything. The daily happy hour had great food; wine and premium liquors. The free breakfast was even better! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi. Our room was a king size facing the back of the building. Really clean new and comfortable. Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend.
1,1,After reading the reviews on this hotel; I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did; this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great; but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again.
1,1,My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend and it was great. The check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question; and the bar served the best martini I have had in a while. The rooms were well decorated and spacious; although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door. The bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late. I would definitely stay here again!
1,1,If you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location; the Intercontinental is it--right on the Magnificent Mile; next to the Chicago River; across from the Wrigley Building. My daughter and I stayed here for a getaway; and quickly were able to get to Milennium Park; shopping; Navy Pier; great dining; exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and Chicago River. Check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay. Maria; one of the concierges; was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat. The room was lovely and comfortable; although our tub didn't drain well. Just a wonderful stay!
1,0,I've used Priceline for every trip I've made back to Chicago and I've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown. This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East. Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El's red line. That is the best part of our experience. When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens. I've never had that issue at any other hotel I've stayed at. The room's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny. The hotel charges for usage of Internet. You could hear people in the hallway and when you're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms. We weren't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however; for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn't the place. ...read more
1,1,I stayed at the Palmer House for @ $150/night on a corporate rate. The bed was excellent; the linens/towels were top of the line. I did not find my room shabby; as other reviewers noted. The Palmer House is over 130 years old. Rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture; I think that lends to the ambience of the place. It is expensive; and I'm not sure I'd stay there if my company weren't picking up the tab. But the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring.
1,1,We booked our room on Priceline; and got a good deal at around $100 per night. We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel's facilities The hotel is centrally located; just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue; and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable; and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city; and could just about see Lake Michigan (though the weather was very bad). The layout of the room is a little peculiar; with the bed facing away from the window; but over all we have no complaints about this hotel; and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So; pros and cons: Pros: Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel; so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area
1,0,I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in mid-March and was so disappointed with everything. The room was small; the carpets in the looby were smelly; no bathtub in the washroom and view of brick walls from the windows. Not even free internet which even the cheapest hotels offer these days. It costs $10/day to connect to internet. If you want to use internet in the lobby; minimum charge is $5 per use. To use the phone in the rooms for local calls; it is $1.25/15mins and then 10 cents every min. Even the local calls are charged; what a rip off!!! Every hotel I have stayed at offers free intercontinetal breakfast; of course no such thing at this hotel. No indoor pool; go figure. I won this from bidding process at priceline; I will be reluctant to use this service and this hotel in future.
1,0,this is my letter to the management..... Sir or Madam: I am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the Amalfi. We were a guest from 11/20 to 11/23. During our stay we used the "Valet" Service operated through Standard Parking. Our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments. Much to my chagrin; $44/day valet service did not include proper security/monitoring; despite the premium over "self park". I understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel; but I would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation. This was not the case. I hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests
1,0,Wow. Here is a place to NEVER hold an event. First; no one smiles; including the bartenders. Doesn't anyone here know they are in the HOSPITALITY business? The bartender was 54 years old. Why do I know that? Because; she stated to another employee that "when you get to be 54 years old; you tell it like it is." Very specifically; she was referring to the fact that she could tell her employers how they should run things. Wow. The room was set up the wrong way for the event. The food was just plain bad. $9 at a Ponderosa would have been as good. However; this is the Swisshotel. Oh; let's go back to the bartender telling us; unsolicited; about all the problems with the hotel. Man; you just have to wonder how a place like this stays in business. $50 for valet. Ouch. Anyone asking you if you need something; like help? No. Does management make excuses? You bet. Do you ever want to hold an event here? Big no.
1,1,We stayed 2 nights at the Knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay. The hotel has recently renovated there rooms. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from Dave and Cora at the martini bar to Julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us. The hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that Chicago offers. Our pick for THE CITY is the Knickerbocker. JOHN and JUDY.
1,1,Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland; as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them; remember clients clearly from one day to the other; and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting: mmmhh...we got the "I love chocolate package" which advertized: bfast every day; dinner once; snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership; which also advertized " a gift". So; no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry; "the snack was the gift". Not at all what the package suggested. That said; bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem. Would absolutely go back; but probably not on a special package.
1,1,Spent a wonderful night at the Amalfi with friends. The evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive. Breakfast was a plus; rooms were cozy and very clean. Would not hesitate to go back again.
1,0,Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place. The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show. Oh; and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day. And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee; a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in. And once you're there; check in is very fast; i'll grant them that. This hotel is a big; crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).
1,1,We live down the block from the hotel. We arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away. The floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night. I think the Ambassador East was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there. Over the years I had had some visiting groups stay there. I had also eaten there and been to the bar but I had never stayed there myself. The lobby is elegant. The service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated. The location is the best residential area in the city (as far as I am concerned -- I live two blocks away) and it is very convenient to North Michigan Avenue ( a good shopping street) and reasonably convenient to the Loop ( the main business area) There are also probably 50 restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city. I paid less than $100 including tax for one night. I am not sure what their regular rates are but I think my deal was the best travel bargain around.
1,1,My wife and I stayed two nights at the Talbott at the end of February. This little hotel was the perfect place for us. The lobby is very small but also cozy; and with both fireplaces going it was a welcoming atmosphere coming in from the cold. The staff was very friendly and efficient. The room was pretty spacious; and the king bed was extremely comfortable. We had a seventh floor room facing delaware st; so there was really no view. The bathroom was a good size; including two sinks and a spacious tub/shower. There was also free wireless internet...a big plus for us. Perhaps the best thing about the Talbott is the location. We were only a few steps from State; Rush; and North Michigan. Tons of shopping; bars; and good food are easily within walking distance. This makes the Talbott a great place for tourists who want to walk around and take everything in. We highly recommend the Talbott; and will gladly stay again on return trips.
1,1,Our third stay at the Homewood Suites Chicago proved to be just as great as the previous two. The staff are consistently friendly; polite and professional - and this applies whether they are working at the front door; servicing the rooms; managing the breakfast room or on the reception desk. They genuinely seem happy to be working here and can't do enough for their guests. The rooms are large and clean and seem to have good insulation from each other (we didn't hear a thing from our neighbours and the hotel was quite busy). The hotel is well placed for walking to the shops on Michigan Ave; or catching a bus or subway. There is a Jewel Osco and a Trader Joes each within a couple of blocks; which are perfect for stocking up on groceries etc. My husband heartily recommends 'Binnies Beverage Depot' for a huge variety of beer. Now all we need is an excuse to return to Chicago next year - then we can make it four years on the run at the Homewood Suites; because we wouldn't stay anywhere else!
1,1,Excellent service! Clean and spacious rooms with a great view of downtown Chicago. Location is excellent for exploring the main sights and the Golden Mile. Great concierge service. Pricey though... Don't valet if you don't need to.
1,1,Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small; but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas; no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again!
1,1,I loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities. Great location; as it's so close to both lakeshore and city. Chicago is such a walkable city; so this was a superb base. The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient. The room was wonderful - very; very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Great chair. Great coffee. Lovely bathroom with a huge; absolutely fantastic shower. It was also extremely quiet. That; and the best bed ever; meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week; that was very important to me. Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar. I will most definitley be back!
1,0,My fiance and I traveled to Chicago for the first time this December and we were not happy with this hotel. The friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys. They greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay. The rest of the staff however was terrible. When we first checked in; I was instantly discouraged. The front desk person was not in a good mood and I couldn't wait to leave the lobby. Having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing. We asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations. We felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff. At one point; the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her; as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well. Even though she saw us standing there; after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first. Yes; we are in our mid 20's; but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible. For how much money we paid for each night; I would have rather stayed somewhere else. We decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews; but we did not experience any of this during our stay. The rooms were alright; but nothing special. I would not stay in this hotel again.
1,0,First room's heating system sounded like we had a generator in our room. Second room had stool in the toilet and a smear on the linens (which we didn't notice until morning-eeewwhh!). The computer; scale and ink pen didn't work. The maintainance man took 30 mins to come unplug the toilet and dripped to toilet water through bathroom and on carpet. This room was quiet and the bed/pillows comfortable. The bath was large and water warm.
1,1,We had a king deluxe room for 2 nights. We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount. We paid $180/nt. We enjoy boutique hotels; as they have so much more personality and personal service. This hotel was no exception. Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean; well decorated; spacious and quiet. We were offered at check-in a room with a view; but warned it was across from the elevator; so we decided to take the quiet; large room with no view. The location of the hotel was perfect for us; we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater. We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect (we like to walk). We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience. We ate room service for breakfast each morning; and the food was good and the portions were quite large. We would definitely stay here again.
1,0,I stayed at the Sheraton as it was where a conference I was attending was being held. On the plus side; the hotel is reasonably well located; within a few minutes walk of Michigan Avenue. My room had a superb view out over the river. However; for the price I must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment. The decor was dated; and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty. The wifi is ridiculously expensive; and frustratingly as a conference delegate I was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for 24 hours access. There was no wifi in the conference rooms; although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails. I know Chicago is expensive; but for that price I feel the experience should have been better.
1,0,Will not stay here again. We were here pre-construction so didn't have the noise problems that others are now experiencing. But room and service quality were so poor that we will not return. Our suite was large enough; but it was dirty; dated and worn. The bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly. Public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days; disgusting. We (politely) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed. We had paid for the King Tut Package; which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit. They had no record of this and didn't honor it. Of course; the exhibit was sold out; so our main reason for visiting Chicago was ruined as we weren't able to see this part of the Field museum. My (also polite) letter to Hilton and the manager was never acknowledged. Very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding Hilton in general when possible.
1,1,I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I'm going to write about the location! I like to walk. This place was close to EVERYTHING!!!! The 'Taste of Chicago' was on during the 4th of July. Let me tell you; this was the best 'taste' of a city that I have ever been to. It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there. I took the train in from the airport (it was around $2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $2.00; how can you complain?)and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel. We pretty much walked everywhere. We walked the entire magnificent mile strip. We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called. My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne.' Wow. I love champagne. And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre. And lots of shopping!
1,0,I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked. While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it's decor (less traditional and more funky interior) it is not nearly as nice. The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice. The rooms are also smaller. The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though; is the bathroom. It has an old tiled floor; with an old sink; and old toilet. It reminds me of something you would find in a men's locker room. Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror; it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance. Also; the layout of the bathroom is terrible. The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet. Also; the room is not very clean as well. The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers. I would recommend staying at the Monaco; Hard Rock; or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice.
1,0,I travel to chicago quite often; and have stayed at a bunch of hotels. I stayed at Conrad a couple of times. My impression was not too good. Both times the receptionist was quite cold and I didn't feel welcome at all. The room was noisy. Thin walls; and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about. One time the tv was broken too; and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it... Anyway; given that this is a 4.5 star hotel; it really didnt live up to my expectations. After the 1st time at this hotel; I thought I might give it a second try. After the 2nd time; I decided I am really not coming back; especially given that there are so many other hotels close by. The other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel. So I guess I am not alone in this...
1,0,If I didn't have to stay here; I wouldn't. Without exception; I swear I am not lying; every day of my stay brings a new problem. Over the past 3 months; I have stayed here 6 times for 3 nights at a time; problems every time. From the wrong food with room service; to room keys that dont work; unrefreshed bath towels; forgotten and dirty in-room coffee service; unclean ice bucket overnight; forgotten room cleaning; inability to connect to the Internet....I'm too tired to keep writing all the problems. For the price of this chi-chi downtown hotel; I expect more. Finally; their team is certainly not trained in customer service. The front desk teams have attitudes; and Aria's hostesses think they are something else. I'm stuck using this hotel since it is adjoined to Aon; but I would never go back if I had a choice. The only good thing is the food at Aria - outstanding.
1,0,My sister and I stayed on the 22nd floor; there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights; beat up and old dorm style. It was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on Tripadvisor did the thing get removed. Breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely. All night there are chimes that make noise; that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying. There is no wifi - no matter what they tell you; I paid for the wifi; and still we were unable to get on. Lastly; my sister and I split the bill; I had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit. Room cost with city taxes etc. was 313.69 a night. I know the Comfort Inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper! So while the View was wonderful; it is NOT worth the money.
1,1,The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly.
1,1,I stayed at ICH Chicago for business in November of 2006 and loved it. As a Royal Ambassador member; they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and 2 bathrooms! My upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table. They even had a nice young lady escort me to my room. The suite was beautifully furnished and had an Art Deco feel to it. The only thing I regretted was that I only stayed one night. I will definitely stay here on my next visit.
1,0,This hotel was chosen by my husband's company as the family came along for the business trip. The location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the 34th floor. My first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean. The lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance; but was otherwise ok. Lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long. Seemed like only 2 elevators were working out of the 6 that were there. I had read from another reviewer to join the Fairmont President's club and wi-fi in the room would be free. We signed up for the club; but were puzzled as to why they don't just offer everyone free wi-fi. Parking fees were exorbitant at $58/night; but thankfully the company was paying for this. We were able to walk to Millennium Park and Navy Pier from our hotel. The hotel is NOT kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities. There is no swimming pool; but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the Swissotel next door (there is an underground tunnel that connects the Fairmont there). We loved the Swissotel's pool on the 42nd floor. Fantastic views from the pool! Although the beds were comfortable; my daughter and I were both victims of bed bugs during our stay. Unfortunately we didn't know until the next day after we returned home. Apparently bed bug bites can take up to 7 days to appear. My daughter and I both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips. The bites made you want to claw your skin off! My husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all. Beware of room 3405 -- bed nearest the bathroom!!! I will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on....
1,1,My husband; teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August. We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago. When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us. I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best. The room (although I know it was not the largest) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed. It also had superb views of the river and the lake. The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre. In fact all areas are fantastic. The best thing about the hotel though was the staff! From the bellboy; to the receptionists; the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful. One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son! Above and beyond the call I would say! I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did!! It lasted us all day. If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton! We did!!
1,0,For a supposed 4-star hotel; I was not very impressed at akk. The lobby was nice and modern-looking; but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors (we didn't arrive that late at night). Additionally; when we walked into the hotel late one night; there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and; it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in. Where was the staff to clean up? That's not a very welcoming sight. The rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view; but the actual location was farther than I would have preferred from Michigan Avenue; andi it was also a little too far south. Area recommendations Rush Street was a lot of fun at night!
1,0,First; several day s prior to my stay; I called and spoke at length with the concierge and made a breakfast order for room-service Saturday and Sunday. Saturday they didn't bring breakfast - and when I called room-service they stated they never got the advance order from the concierge. When they finally did bring it - they brought the wrong thing.. and then brought the wrong order again on Sunday. I was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when we ordered room service Saturday night. The food was limp and uninspired. Further; I ordered soup - which arrived without a spoon. When I called in-room dining to request a spoon; I was told one would be forthcoming. 15 minutes later; a waiter arrived with a menu. When I explained I already had food and I didn't need a menu - I needed a spoon; he had the audacity to argue with me. I respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so. Another 15 minutes (and one bowl of cold soup) later I decided to call in-room dining back to request (again) they send someone with a spoon. They too argued with me and expressed that they'd already sent someone with a spoon. I explained that they had not - that I had received a menu I didn't request; but that no spoon was forthcoming. Another 15 minutes later; a spoon finally arrived. Thanks - for charging me $100+ so that I could argue over cold; flavorless food. In addition to the gross customer service; surly attitude; and sorry food; I found the room woefully lacking. It reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on Saturday night I woke up from the smell. Further; I had specifically requested when I booked the reservation that you keep me away from the elevators... I was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went.
1,0,I only stayed at this hotel for one night; the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy. After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived; never under 10 min. even late at night. I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband... 1 margarita was $14! I wans't drinking because I'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $4... if I would have known I would have had tap water. Overall... great rooms; OK staff ; horrible elevators; overpriced drinks.
1,0,After checking out of the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower the other day; I left the hotel; crossed the street and started to walk EB on Chestnut while looking for a cab. I was still within sight of a Sofitel doorman when I sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same. After doing so; I immediately heard a Sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle. As the cab slowed to pick me up; the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction. When the cab stopped; I quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the Sofitel doorman. After locking the door; the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab. After claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs; he suggested that I had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a "jerk" before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination. Consequently; unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen; please don't attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman. Lastly; as for the rest of my stay; you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in French instead of English. While I have nothing against the French or French language; I much prefer communicating in English when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world. Viva la USA!
1,1,Great hotel in a wonderful location. I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it. I couldn't recommend it highly enough. Evidently popular and busy; the staff were still helpful. The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean. Bathrooms were clean; bright and spacious also. I'd definitely recommend this hotel too; it's close to the magnificant mile.
1,1,My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice; it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead. I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more. This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel. The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub); but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago; so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple; but a family of four may be a bit cramped.) The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again; but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep).
1,0,The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed; so we called maintenance to have it fixed. We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease. There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools. We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again.
1,1,My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel; cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction; but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all; no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return.
1,0,My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool; one white phone and one emergency red phone; to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing; in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
1,0,Don't stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation. About 3 months ago; we booked a room here for our wedding night (which is in less than 2 weeks). My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades; no discounts. Apparently it is my problem that their manager can't manage the convention schedule. I don't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I don't find their reservation system reliable. Unfortunately; due to the conference; there isn't any other place to stay.
